I sighed and deleted the message, imagining the dirty clothes multiplying like rabbits, because that’s what they do when I’m not around.	sarcasm
"At this point we can finally see what's really at stake in our peculiar habit of defining ourselves simultaneously as master and slave, reduplicating the most brutal aspects of the ancient household in our very concept of ourselves, as masters of our freedoms, or as owners of our very selves. It is the only way that we can imagine ourselves as completely isolated beings. There is a direct line from the new Roman conception of liberty – not as the ability to form mutual relationships with others, but as the kind of absolute power of ""use and abuse"" over the conquered chattel who make up the bulk of a wealthy Roman man's household – to the strange fantasies of liberal philosophers like Hobbes, Locke, and Smith, about the origins of human society in some collection of thirty- or forty-year-old males who seem to have sprung from the earth fully formed, then have to decide whether to kill each other or begin to swap beaver pelts."	philosophy
Your educators can only be your liberators.	philosophy
A prison becomes a home when you have the key.	philosophy
"The safest general characterization of the European philosophical tradition is that it consists of a series of footnotes to <a href=""https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/879.Plato"" title=""Plato"">Plato</a>."	philosophy
The moment we cry in a film is not when things are sad but when they turn out to be more beautiful than we expected them to be.	philosophy
Here is your great soul—the man who has given himself over to Fate; on the other hand, that man is a weakling and a degenerate who struggles and maligns the order of the universe and would rather reform the gods than reform himself.	philosophy
Forgive yourself and you will be happy. Forgive everything and you will be happiest.	philosophy
"An intellectual? Yes. And never deny it. An intellectual is someone whose mind watches itself. I like this, because I am happy to be both halves, the watcher and the watched. ""Can they be brought together?"" This is a practical question. We must get down to it. ""I despise intelligence"" really means: ""I cannot bear my doubts."	philosophy
Will suspected Jem was in fact cleverer than he was himself - but he lacked Will's tendency to assume the absolute worst about people and proceed from there.	sarcasm
[O]ther thinkers have philosophised since the time of Plato, but that does not destroy the interest and beauty of his philosophy	philosophy
Nothing more than action speaks for love and passion.	philosophy
"What about you, Snipes?"" Dunbar asked. ""You think there to be mountain lions up here or is it just folks' imaginings?""  Snipes pondered the question a few moments before speaking.  They's many a man of science would claim there aint because you got no irredeemable evidence like panther scat or fur or tooth or tail. In other words, some part of the animal in questions. Or better yet having the actual critter itself, the whole think kit and caboodle head to tail, which all your men of science argue is the best proof of all a thing exists, whether it be a panther, or a bird, or even a dinosaur.""  To put it another way, if you was to stub your toe and tell the man of science what happened he'd not believe a word of it less he could see how it'd stoved up or was bleeding. But your philosophers and theologians and such say there’s things in the world that’s every bit as real even though you can’t see them.”  Like what?” Dunbar asked.  Well,” Snipes said. “They’s love, that’s one. And courage. You can’t see neither of them, but they’re real. And air, of course. That’s one of your most important examples. You wouldn’t be alive a minute if there wasn’t air, but nobody’s ever seen a single speck of it.”  … “All I’m saying is there is a lot more to this old world than meets the eye.”  … “And darkness. You can’t see it no more than you can see air, but when its all around you sure enough know it.” (Serena, 65-66)"	philosophy
As individuals express their life, so they are.	philosophy
The progress of the world can certainly never come at all save by the modified action of the individual beings who compose the world.	philosophy
Therefore we will not listen to the source itself in order to learn what it is or what it means, but rather to the turns of speech, the allegories, figures, metaphors, as you will, into which the source has deviated, in order to lose it or rediscover it—which always amounts to the same.	philosophy
There lies before us, if we choose, continual progress in happiness, knowledge and wisdom. Shall we instead choose death, because we cannot forget our quarrels? I appeal as a human being to human beings; remember your humanity, and forget the rest.	philosophy
What do you do when you’re in a room of vampires and the most dangerous one tells you that you know too much? You bolt. What did I do? I hyperventilated.	sarcasm
This city belongs to ghosts, to murderers, to sleepwalkers. Where are you, in what bed, in what dream?	philosophy
Were we incapable of empathy – of putting ourselves in the position of others and seeing that their suffering is like our own – then ethical reasoning would lead nowhere. If emotion without reason is blind, then reason without emotion is impotent.	philosophy
Do you want to achieve something or do you just want to make money?” asked a nearby man in a white shirt to another man in a striped shirt. I waited for the answer as I slowly walked past them.  “Why is it an either or question?” the man in the striped shirt finally murmured philosophically under a sip of beer. They both stood there looking at each other in thought.	philosophy
Being skilled in Catsism is like being a ninja only deadlier and not so silent. The only bad thing is the sickening grammar you have to use.	sarcasm
If there were a party of those who aren't sure they're right, I'd belong to it.  ~<em>(Camus, as quoted by Tony Judt)</em>	philosophy
You were free, you are free and you will be free.	philosophy
All right,” she said a little sarcastically. “I was going to assume you liked eating babies and sacrificing virgins, but I might as well ask, what do you do for fun?”  “I languish in sin,” I replied in the same tone. “I take my babies rare, and my virgins over easy.	sarcasm
"You like? she asked Slade. He gave her a head nod and she vanished behind the curtain. That's my sister, he said, pointing at the closed curtain. I shrugged. ""I'm glad you guys are so close."	sarcasm
If you're going to kick authority in the teeth, you might as well use two feet.	philosophy
If only it were possible to love without injury – fidelity isn’t enough: I had been faithful to Anne and yet I had injured her. The hurt is in the act of possession: we are too small in mind and body to possess another person without pride or to be possessed without humiliation. In a way I was glad that my wife had struck out at me again – I had forgotten her pain for too long, and this was the only kind of recompense I could give her. Unfortunately the innocent are always involved in any conflict. Always, everywhere, there is some voice crying from a tower.	philosophy
For the former, activity, any kind of activity, was an end in itself; for the latter, activity was but a progress toward the true end, which was rest, and peace of mind. Action was to be undertaken only when equilibrium was disturbed.	philosophy
What really frightens and dismays us is not external events themselves, but the way in which we think about them. It is not things that disturb us, but our interpretation of their significance.	philosophy
The greatest untold story is the evolution of God.	philosophy
"Let me ask you a question Alex. What do you think is the greatest evil on this plant today?"" ""Is that including, or not including you?"	sarcasm
Who is John Galt?	philosophy
The bond between husband and wife is a strong one. Suppose the man had hunted her out and brought her back. The memory of her acts would still be there, and inevitably, sooner or later, it would be cause for rancor. When there are crises, incidents, a woman should try to overlook them, for better or for worse, and make the bond into something durable. The wounds will remain, with the woman and with the man, when there are crises such as I have described. It is very foolish for a woman to let a little dalliance upset her so much that she shows her resentment openly. He has his adventures--but if he has fond memories of their early days together, his and hers, she may be sure that she matters. A commotion means the end of everything. She should be quiet and generous, and when something comes up that quite properly arouses her resentment she should make it known by delicate hints. The man will feel guilty and with tactful guidance he will mend his ways. Too much lenience can make a woman seem charmingly docile and trusting, but it can also make her seem somewhat wanting in substance. We have had instances enough of boats abandoned to the winds and waves. It may be difficult when someone you are especially fond of, someone beautiful and charming, has been guilty of an indiscretion, but magnanimity produces wonders. They may not always work, but generosity and reasonableness and patience do on the whole seem best.	philosophy
Oh, adjust yourself. You people have spent ten millennia playing at soldiers while becoming ever more dedicated civilians. We've spent the last thousand years trying hard to stay civilian while refining the legacy of a won galactic war.	sarcasm
Anyone that says his mind will be probably regarded a fool, but the true artist is not moved by the comments about the looks of his painting or remarks that are dreadfully sarcastic, but hearken now! That he who says what others want to hear hasn't said anything of his own.	sarcasm
"I tried to step back quickly but James grabbed my hand. ""C'mon,"" he said ""this'll be fun."" <em>Geez... What's</em> your <em>definition of fun? Cuz mines not to possibly get killed my first day here. Or maybe that's just a personal goal, but still...</em>"	sarcasm
There is no need to search; achievement leads to nowhere. It makes no difference at all, so just be happy now! Love is the only reality of the world, because it is all One, you see. And the only laws are paradox, humor and change. There is no problem, never was, and never will be. Release your struggle, let go of your mind, throw away your concerns, and relax into the world. No need to resist life, just do your best. Open your eyes and see that you are far more than you imagine. You are the world, you are the universe; you are yourself and everyone else, too! It's all the marvelous Play of God. Wake up, regain your humor. Don't worry, just be happy. You are already free!	philosophy
So many other planets &amp; stars -- could all those stars set over barren planets, beauty wasted? Or, are sunsets witnessed throughout the universe?	philosophy
aquele que quer responder às injúrias com o ódio vive na tristeza ou na mágoa, aquele que quer vencer o ódio com o amor combate alegremente e sem temor. Triunfa tanto sobre um grande número de inimigos quanto sobre um único, prescindindo de todo socorro da fortuna. Aqueles a quem ele consegue vencer ficam alegres por terem sido derrotados; e, derrotados, eles não são menos fortes; ao contrário, são mais fortes.	philosophy
...even nursery tales only echo an almost pre-natal leap of interest and amazement. These tales say that apples were golden only to refresh the forgotten moment when we found that they were green. They make rivers run with wine only to make us remember, for one wild moment, that they run with water.	philosophy
Do not ruin today with mourning tomorrow.	philosophy
"Listen."" Jennifer reverted, ""I didn't mean anything by all of that before. I understand what you were trying to do and ..."" She struggled for the right words. ""Sweetie, like love, people don't live inside of life, life lives inside of you. Open yourself up to it and there's no stopping your heart."	philosophy
When you can't get what you want, get what you need	philosophy
All depression has its roots in self-pity, and all self-pity is rooted in people taking themselves too seriously.	sarcasm
[I]n Africa I was a member of a family—of a sort of family that the people of your culture haven't known for thousands of years. If gorillas were capable of such an expression, they would tell you that their family is like a hand, of which they are the fingers. They are fully aware of being a family but are very little aware of being individuals. Here in the zoo there were other gorillas—but there was no family. Five severed fingers do not make a hand.	philosophy
Feathers filled the small room. Our laughter kept the feathers in the air. I thought about birds. Could they fly is there wasn't someone, somewhere, laughing?	philosophy
Youth is an intoxication without wine, someone says. Life is an intoxication. The only sober man is the melancholiac, who, disenchanted, looks at life, sees it as it really is, and cuts his throat. If this be so, I want to be very drunk. The great thing is to live, to clutch at our existence and race away with it in some great and enthralling pursuit. Above all, I must beware of all ultimate questions- they are too maddeningly unanswerable- let me eschew philosophy and burn Omar.	philosophy
A writer is one who communicates ideas and emotions people want to communicate but aren't quite sure how, or even if, they should communicate them.	philosophy
"come humans, fulfill your evolutionary purpose adn build your hound a fire."" Oberon"	sarcasm
A slinky is a toy made for stairs, but that’s entirely too tiresome. What about a toy for escalators that doesn’t move and does nothing and that’s the whole point? I think Americans would relate to and embrace that mentality.	philosophy
The story of terrorism is written by the state and it is therefore highly instructive… compared with terrorism, everything else must be acceptable, or in any case more rational and democratic.	philosophy
It is impossible for Stream to achieve unhappiness. Indeed it is. Unless that is, it exists in consciousness. It is impossible for the unordered to achieve happiness or unhappiness unless it were to Flow a certain way in relation with ordered effects.Unhappiness, happiness is a potential activated by the ordered in Flow.	philosophy
We are the sum of all people we have ever met; you change the tribe and the tribe changes you.	philosophy
I didn't want to do it,' Kiala said. 'The universe just kind of conspired to force me to make a fool of myself. It does that quite a lot, actually.	philosophy
Truth gains more even by the errors of one who, with due study and preparation, thinks for himself, than by the true opinions of those who only hold them because they do not suffer themselves to think…	philosophy
There is no such thing as objectivity. We are all just interpreting signals from the universe and trying to make sense of them. Dim, shaky, weak, static-y little signals that only hint at the complexity of a universe we cannot begin to understand.	philosophy
Some people are quick with a gun. My weapon of choice is sarcasm, because it's much sharper and leaves behind no visible evidence.	sarcasm
He was the hardest person to figure out I had ever met, which was saying something. I knew girls, after all....	sarcasm
All the world's a stage.	philosophy
Though why should we expect age to mellow us? If it isn't life's business to reward merit, why should it be life's business to give us warm, comfortable feelings towards its end? What possible evolutionary purpose could nostalgia serve?	philosophy
An honest religious thinker is like a tightrope walker. He almost looks as though he were walking on nothing but air. His support is the slenderest imaginable. And yet it really is possible to walk on it.	philosophy
Without knowledge of what I am and why I am here, it is impossible to live, and since I cannot know that, I cannot live either. In an infinity of time, in an infinity of matter, and an infinity of space a bubble-organism emerges while will exist for a little time and then burst, and that bubble am I.	philosophy
"All I'm trying to say is that if you're not willing to observe this, if you're just going to condemn it, you're never going to see it. It's there, whether you like it or not. This is stupid life-force we're dealing with here,"" he said. ""Think how old it is, Jim. Think how huge it is. Understanding it doesn't make any difference."	philosophy
The sarcasm made a slight whistling noise as it flew over Loafers' head.	sarcasm
It’s not complicated and it doesn’t compare to my problem, now give me a damn cookie I think I earned it,” Jill snapped.  Chris grinned like it was Christmas morning. “Yes, you did.” He brought her a cookie. “Very good, my young one. You’ve made Chris very happy with this little tidbit of information.	sarcasm
striid andWthdraw into yourself. Our master-reason asks no more than to act justly, and thereby to achieve calm.	philosophy
In practice people who study philosophy too long become very odd birds, not to say thoroughly vicious; while even those who are the best of them are reduced by...[philosophy] to complete uselessness as members of society.	philosophy
Everything that can be thought at all can be thought clearly. Everything that can be said can be said clearly.	philosophy
<em>Fallen. Who tracks our footsteps, I wonder? We who are the forgotten, the discounted and the ignored. When the path is failure, it is never willingly taken. The fallen. Why does my heart weep for them? Not them but us, for most assuredly I am counted among them. Slaves, serfs, nameless peasants and labourers, the blurred faces in the crowd—just a smear on memory, a scuffing of feet down the side passages of history.  Can one stop, can one turn and force one’s eyes to pierce the gloom? And see the fallen? Can one ever see the fallen? And if so, what emotion is born in that moment?</em>  There were tears on his cheeks, dripping down onto his chafed hands. He knew the answer to that question, knife-sharp and driven deep, and the answer was…recognition.	philosophy
The egocentric is always frustrated, simply because the condition of self-perfection is self-surrender. There must be a willingness to die to the lower part of self, before there can be a birth to the nobler.	philosophy
Dare to try the impossible.	philosophy
Always be friendly, always be kind, Like the most beautiful flower that you can find.	philosophy
Men ought either to be well treated or crushed, because they can avenge themselves of lighter injuries, of more serious ones they cannot; therefore the injury that is to be done to a man ought to be of such a kind that one does not stand in fear of revenge.	philosophy
We all reach a point that is the limit of our understanding. When we stare over the precipice of uncertainty and into the dark unknown that we cannot explain with hard evidence, that is when we trade understanding for belief. At best, we make an educated guess. At worst, we make blind leaps of faith.	philosophy
It seems to me that one ought to rejoice in the fact of death-- ought to decide, indeed, to earn one's death by confronting with passion the conundrum of life. One is responsible to life: It is the small beacon in that terrifying darkness from which we come and to which we shall return. One must negotiate this passage as nobly as possible, for the sake of those who are coming after us.	philosophy
Men would no longer be victims of nature or of their own largely irrational societies: reason would triumph; universal harmonious cooperation, true history, would at last begin.  For if this was not so, do the ideas of progress, of history, have any meaning? Is there not a movement, however tortuous, from ignorance to knowledge, from mythical thought and childish fantasies to perception of reality face to face, to knowledge of true goals, true values as well as truths of fact? Can history be a mere purposeless succession of events, caused by a mixture of material factors and the play of random selection, a tale full of sound and fury signifying nothing? This was unthinkable. The day would dawn when men and women would take their lives in their own hands and not be self-seeking beings or the playthings of blind forces that they did not understand. It was, at the very least, not impossible to conceive that such an earthly paradise could be; and if conceivable we could, at any rate, try to march towards it. That has been at the centre of ethical thought from the Greeks to the Christian visionaries of the Middle Ages, from the Renaissance to progressive thought in the last century; and indeed, is believed by many to this day.	philosophy
I'm all for all for one, especially when I'm the one. That's my philosophy when the dinner bill arrives at the table.	philosophy
On the top of Cadair Idris, I felt how happy a man might be with a little money and a sane intellect, and reflected with astonishment and pity on the madness of the multitude.	philosophy
All are one	philosophy
Knowledge can be acquired by a suitable and complete study, no matter what the starting point is. Only one must know how to 'learn.' What is nearest to us is man; and you are the nearest of all men to yourself. Begin with the study of yourself; remember the saying 'Know thyself.	philosophy
When we move, we are in a way de-structured by our movement <em>toward</em> something: we are both here and at the same time not here because we're already in the process of going elsewhere, if you see what I mean. To stop de-structuring yourself, you have to stop moving altogether. Either you move and you're no longer whole, or you're whole and you can't move.	philosophy
One is not born, but rather becomes, a woman.	philosophy
Change is not always growth, but growth is often rooted in change. Drizzt Do'Urden	philosophy
What are we doing to each other? Because I know that I am doing to him exactly what he is doing to me. We are sometimes so happy, and never in our lives have we known more unhappiness.	philosophy
Remember, people who peek through keyholes have to expect an occasional poke in the eye.	sarcasm
What is existence for but to be laughed at if men in their twenties have already attained the utmost?	philosophy
The philosophic outlook rises above all sectarian controversy. It finds its own position not only by appreciating and synthesizing what is solidly based in the rival sects but also by capping them all with the keystone of nonduality.	philosophy
A diary with no drawings of me in it? Where are the torrid fantasies? The romance covers?	sarcasm
"Ben, if you get pee in my brand-new car, I am going to cut your balls off."" Still peeing, Ben looks over at me smirking. ""You´re gonna need a hell of a big knife, bro."	philosophy
Fair speech may hide a foul heart.	philosophy
The only debatable issue, it seems to me, is whether it is more ridiculous to turn to experts in social theory for general well-confirmed propositions, or to the specialists in the great religions and philosophical systems for insights into fundamental human values.	philosophy
A novel is never anything but a philosophy expressed in images. And in a good novel the philosophy has disappeared into the images.	philosophy
Life's a party. So smile and eat shit and pretend it's fucking caviar.	sarcasm
"Prolific [10w]  ""Perhaps I'm prolific because I believe creativity can forestall death."	philosophy
Let people be the pursuits of happiness, you be the pursuit of perfection.	philosophy
All men by nature desire knowledge.	philosophy
"The old man slowly raised himself from the piano stool, fixed those cheerful blue eyes piercingly and at the same time with unimaginable friendliness upon him, and said: ""Making music together is the best way for two people to become friends. There is none easier. That is a fine thing. I hope you and I shall remain friends. Perhaps you too will learn how to make fugues, Joseph."	philosophy
The true man wants two things: danger and play. For that reason he wants woman, as the most dangerous plaything.	philosophy
A doctrine of <em>expression</em> rather than one of <em>suppression</em> makes a stronger appeal to man.	philosophy
War is thus divine in itself, since it is a law of the world. War is divine through its consequences of a supernatural nature which are as much general as particular. War is divine in the mysterious glory that surrounds it and in the no less inexplicable attraction that draws us to it. War is divine by the manner in which it breaks out.	philosophy
I cannot encourage any fabrication even for the sake of making people feel good. If I were to fabricate consciously and knowingly, I would not only be ordaining myself their enemy, but also ordaining myself God's enemy.	philosophy
You have music in your heart; just listen in the deep silence to reveal it.	philosophy
in this case, a mother, noted for her beauty, might be reduced to a purple shadow... (Tansley to Lily on her painting of the house &amp; grounds)	philosophy
I’m trained in sarcasm. It’s like karate, only the sting lasts longer.	sarcasm
"Is this the baby?"" I said. Ma turned on me again. ""What do you think it is?"" she said. ""A midget that can't talk?"	sarcasm
We are the sum total of the decisions we have made.	philosophy
I wouldn’t be caught dead sacrificing myself for this country.	sarcasm
If you are not going to be a comfort, have the decency to be an empty space.	sarcasm
And you don’t even need to say anything. I’m screwed up. I don’t know how any of this works anymore than you do. But I do believe you’re worth every second it would take to figure it out,” Mason said, a smile taking over his features.	philosophy
I'm sorry. I use my rapier wit to hide my inner pain.	sarcasm
A lot of people have it in for me. It's practically a school sport.	sarcasm
Upgrading [10w]  Promise them the world to get the universe in return.	philosophy
Of what use is a philosopher who doesn't hurt anybody's feelings?	philosophy
Trust yourself. You know more than you think you do.	philosophy
YOU are the big drop of dew under the lotus leaf,  I am the smaller one on its upper side,' said the dewdrop to the lake.	philosophy
The tragedy is that we cannot believe the dogmas of religion and metaphysics if we have the strict methods of truth in heart and head, but on the other hand, we have become through the development of humanity so tenderly suffering that we need the highest kind of means of salvation and consolation: whence arises the danger that man may bleed to death through the truth that he realises.	philosophy
I've interrupted a party. Is it in celebration of the peace or in honor of the next war?	sarcasm
There is a common tendency to turn off one's imagination at certain points and refuse to contemplate the possibility of having to do certain things and cope with the attendant moral problems. The things simply get done by the social machine, and one can keep one's clear conscience and one's moral indignation unsullied.	philosophy
Jokes of the proper kind, properly told, can do more to enlighten questions of politics, philosophy, and literature than any number of dull arguments.	philosophy
Am I right in suggesting that ordinary life is a mean between these extremes, that the noble man devotes his material wealth to lofty ends, the advancement of science, or art, or some such true ideal; and that the base man does the opposite by concentrating all his abilities on the amassing of wealth?'  Exactly; that is the real distinction between the artist and the bourgeois, or, if you prefer it, between the gentleman and the cad. Money, and the things money can buy, have no value, for there is no question of creation, but only of exchange. Houses, lands, gold, jewels, even existing works of art, may be tossed about from one hand to another; they are so, constantly. But neither you nor I can write a sonnet; and what we have, our appreciation of art, we did not buy. We inherited the germ of it, and we developed it by the sweat of our brows. The possession of money helped us, but only by giving us time and opportunity and the means of travel. Anyhow, the principle is clear; one must sacrifice the lower to the higher, and, as the Greeks did with their oxen, one must fatten and bedeck the lower, so that it may be the worthier offering.	philosophy
As soon as they were spotted, one of the jerk’s buddies pointed at me and said, “Arrest her! She’s the one who killed Zak!”  <em>Why I outta… Wait Zak? I thought we all agreed he was Captain Asshole? Oh, no… Guess that was just me.</em>	sarcasm
... is it truly possible to steal a life, if... the Self is eternal and cannot die? Should this be so, then one who 'murders' does no more than transgress against the will of another, whose choice it is to live. At bottom, a murderer offends not against the body, but against the spirit.	philosophy
You are an aperture through which the universe is looking at and exploring itself.	philosophy
Far from rejecting outright any hierarchy of success or failure, philosophy instead reconfigures the judging process, lending legitimacy to theidea that themainstream value system may unfairly consign some people to disgrace and others to respectability.	philosophy
The truth is, going against the internal stream of ignorance is way more rebellious than trying to start some sort of cultural revolution.	philosophy
You know, sometimes I think this is just not it,” he said, his glasses flashing from the early night’s light.  He turned toward me in a thoughtful pause. “You know what I mean, Tom?” he asked. “It’s just not.	philosophy
When they have discovered truth in nature they fling it into a book, where it is even worse hands.	philosophy
Was she on some sort of Candid Camera version of This is Your Sucky Love Life?	sarcasm
It is foolish and wrong to mourn the men who died. Rather, we should thank God that such men lived.	philosophy
I had a second friend come over to my house, and do you know what I called her? A refill. If relationships aren’t drinkable, why do we thirst for them so much?	philosophy
What is this slow blue dream of living,  and this fevered death by dreaming?	philosophy
Contented poverty is an honorable estate.	philosophy
The certainty about the uncertain (in view to life) is that it will remain uncertain till the time its certain.	philosophy
It is better to doubt that a concept is stupidly flying under your head than profoundly flying over your head.	sarcasm
The necessity of reform mustn’t be allowed to become a form of blackmail serving to limit, reduce, or halt the exercise of criticism. Under no circumstances should one pay attention to those who tell one: “Don’t criticize, since you’re not capable of carrying out a reform.” That’s ministerial cabinet talk. Critique doesn’t have to be the premise of a deduction that concludes, “this, then, is what needs to be done.” It should be an instrument for those for who fight, those who resist and refuse what is. Its use should be in processes of conflict and confrontation, essays in refusal. It doesn’t have to lay down the law for the law. It isn’t a stage in a programming. It is a challenge directed to what is.	philosophy
The man who has no tincture of philosophy goes through life imprisoned in the prejudices derived from common sense, from the habitual beliefs of his age or his nation, and from convictions which have grown up in his mind without the cooperation or consent of his deliberate reason.	philosophy
Perhaps not one religion contains all of the truth of the world. Perhaps every religion contains fragments of the truth, and it is our responsibility to identify those fragments and piece them together.	philosophy
Then why are you here?” Emma demanded. “Oh, is this one of those missed-connections things? We met the other night, you felt a spark? Sorry, but I don’t date trees.”  “I am not a tree.” Iarlath looked angry, his bark peeling slightly.	sarcasm
More powerful than the mighty armies is an idea whose time has come.	philosophy
Always blow your own trumpet, blowing someone else’s is unhygienic	philosophy
One can ask why the I has to appear in the cogito {Descartes’ argument “I think therefore I am.}, since the cogito, if used rightly, is the awareness of pure consciousness, not directed at any fact or action. In fact the I is not necessary here, since it is never united directly to consciousness. One can even imagine a pure and self-aware consciousness which thinks of itself as impersonal spontaneity.	philosophy
In football everything is complicated by the presence of the opposite team.	philosophy
Reason is, and ought only to be the slave of the passions.	philosophy
Call no man happy until he is dead.	philosophy
Sarcasm creates a chasm between yourself and others.	sarcasm
Prayer is based on the remote possibility that someone is actually listening; but so is a lot of conversation. If the former seems far-fetched, consider the latter: even if someone is listening to your story, and really hearing, that person will disappear from existence in the blink of a cosmic eye, so why bother to tell this perhaps illusory and possibly un-listening person something he or she is unlikely to truly understand, just before the two of you blip back out of existence? We like to talk to people who answer us, intelligently if possible, but we do talk without needing response or expecting comprehension. Sometimes, the event is the word, the act of speaking. Once we pull that apart a bit, the action of talking becomes more important than the question of whether the talking is working-because we know, going in, that the talking is not working. That said, one might as well pray.	philosophy
You are what you do. If you do boring, stupid monotonous work, chances are you'll end up boring, stupid and monotonous. Work is a much better explanation for the creeping cretinization all around us than even such significant moronizing mechanisms as television and education.	philosophy
Hatred is a form of faith, distilled by passion to remove all rationality.	philosophy
Just three words? Nothing about his physical health? His equipment? His supplies?'  'You got me,' she said. 'He left a detailed status report. I just decided to lie for no reason.'  'Funny,' Venkat said. 'Be a smart-ass to a guy seven levels above you at your company. See how that works out.'  'Oh no,' Mindy said. 'I might lose my job as an interplanetary voyeur? I guess I'd have to use my master's degree for something else.'  'I remember when you were shy.'  'I'm space paparazzi now. The attitude comes with the job.	sarcasm
Philosophy without action is the ruin of the soul. One brave deed is worth a hundred books, a thousand theories, a million words. Now as always we need heroes. And heroines! Down with the passive and the limp.	philosophy
Happiness consists in frequent repetition of pleasure	philosophy
No society can prosper if it aims at making things easier-instead it should aim at making people stronger!!	philosophy
We sinned for no reason but an incomprehensible lack of love, and He saved us for no reason but an incomprehensible excess of love.	philosophy
they Whatever can make life truly happy is absolutely good in its own right because it cannot be warped into evil From whence then comes error In that while all men wish for a happy life they mistake the means for the thing itself and while they fancy themselves in pursuit of it they are flying from it for when the sum of happiness consists in solid tranquillity and an unembarrassed confidence therein they are ever collecting causes of disquiet and not only carry burthens but drag them painfully along through the rugged and deceitful path of life so that they still withdraw themselves from the good effect proposed the more pains they take the more business they have upon their hands instead of advancing they are retrograde and as it happens in a labyrinth their very speed puzzles and confounds them	philosophy
Man in general, if reduced to himself, is too wicked to be free.	philosophy
As a man, casting off worn out garments taketh new ones, so the dweller in the body, entereth into ones that are new.	philosophy
Pride makes us artificial; humility makes us real	philosophy
I want to find a way of speaking to fellow human beings that will be cool rather than heated, philosophical rather than polemical, that will bring enlightenment rather than seeking to divide us into the righteous and the sinners, the saved and the damned, the sheep and the goats.	philosophy
Every passion borders on the chaotic, but the collector's passion borders on the chaos of memories.	philosophy
The Study of philosophy is not that we may know what men have thought, but what the truth of things is.	philosophy
To be prepared against surprise is to be trained. To be prepared for surprise is to be educated.	philosophy
Among peoples who possess a highly developed pugnacious instinct we find the greatest progress in the arts, sciences, social and political organization, commerce and industry. The instinct takes the milder form of rivalry which is the motive force of the great portion of the serious labors of mankind.	philosophy
After some cogitation, it is difficult not to agree with Herman Bondi (1919 - 2005), who in his book 'Relativity and Common Sense' says: ... The surprising thing, surely, is that molecules in a gas behave so much as billiard balls, not that electrons behave so little like billiard balls.	philosophy
we deceive ourselves in thinking that death only follows life whereas it both goes before and will follow after it for where is the difference in not beginning or ceasing to exist the effect of both is not to be	philosophy
Since we nowadays think that all a man needs for acquisition of truth is to exert his brain more or less vigorously, and since we consider an <em>ascetic</em> approach to knowledge hardly sensible, we have lost the awareness of the close bond that links the knowing of truth to the condition of purity. Thomas says that unchastity's first-born daughter is blindness of the spirit. Only he who wants nothing for himself, who not subjectively 'interested,' can know the truth. On the other hand, an impure, selfishly corrupted will-to-pleasure destroys both resoluteness of spirit and the ability of the psyche to listen in silent attention to the language of reality.	philosophy
Do not trouble about those who practice philosophy, whether they are good or bad; but examine the thing itself well and carefully. And if philosophy appears a bad thing to you, turn every man from it, not only your sons; but if it appears to you such as I think it to be, take courage, pursue it, and practice it, as the saying is, 'both you and your house.	philosophy
When you use your energy and resources to punish people, you run out of energy and resources to protect people.	philosophy
Since I've moved here, you have shown up at my door eight times. I obey the laws, I pay my taxes, and I haven't even gotten a parking ticket in my entire time as a driver. Yet if anything at all happens in the neighborhood, you appear at my door. I bet if a meteorite fell somewhere in the subdivision, you would be here asking me if I personally launched it out of my doomsday cannon.	sarcasm
Love vs. Honeymoon [10w]  Love is what truly begins when the honeymoon is over.	philosophy
Abby wouldn't want you to suffer because of some jerk that kidnapped her. She would want you to go on your trip so that she would have fun torturing you for not being a puddle on the ground with a box of tissues and an empty gallon of ice cream by your side. Then afterwards to hit you for thinking she was seriously hoping you would be doing that.	sarcasm
Sometimes we know people who are too wonderful for words. I am not one of them. Or you, for that matter, as you well know.	sarcasm
No man was ever wise by chance	philosophy
The best reaction to a paradox is to invent a genuinely new and deep idea.	philosophy
The more invested I am in my own ideas about reality, the more those experiences will feel like victimizations rather than the ups and downs of relating. Actually, I believe that the less I conceptualize things that way, the more likely it is that people will want to stay by me, because they will not feel burdened, consciously or unconsciously, by my projections, judgments, entitlements, or unrealistic expectations.	philosophy
The Poet's Disease  My body atrophies. My mind swells. Imagination's become my crutch.	philosophy
Everyone is the other and no one is himself.	philosophy
Maybe I’m strange and perverse, but I’ve always thought there was something sexy about a compelling argument.	philosophy
The life I've lived What more can one ask for Apart from a grand exit Slit of the wrist Total bliss	sarcasm
Men are made for happiness, and he who is completely happy has the right to say to himself, 'I am doing God's will on earth.	philosophy
What? Who are you marrying?” His jaw tightened.“Princess Cleiona Bellos.” Lucia could not believe her ears. “This has been arranged.” Magnus gave her a look.“Oh, not at all. Since helping to take her father's kingdom and destroy her life,I couldn’t help but fall madly in love with her. Yes,obviously it was arranged.	sarcasm
Violence begins with the fork.	philosophy
Thank you so much for the rude know-it-all attitude while also having to look at your ridiculously colored hair and obnoxious facial and chest piercings. I am very fortunate to have just been schooled by someone who looks like they graduated from Care Bear Carnage University.	sarcasm
The cynic sees only cynicism, the depressive can taint creation with one glance	philosophy
It's not him who's disturbed. But he likes to disturb others--to shake them out of their rut.	philosophy
Why do we mortals wonder if it is through 'human chaos' or through 'divine perfection' when the world guides us to some magical event? In either case, is not the result the same? Is the result not 'divine perfection?	philosophy
In truth, Freud sees nothing and understands nothing.	philosophy
I love her like a major holiday. You know, not enough people celebrate the joy that is Tax Season, with the High Holy Day coming on April 15th. 	sarcasm
Remember your humanity, and forget the rest.	philosophy
It takes too much energy to be against something unless it's really important.	philosophy
I don't know about your true form, but the weight of your ego sure is pushing the crust of the earth toward the breaking point.	sarcasm
Friendship is unnecessary, like philosophy like art... It has no survival value; rather it is one of those things that give values to survival.	philosophy
The more this guy talked, the more he sounded like a fortune cookie.	sarcasm
Anything you're good at contributes to happiness.	philosophy
"You were dropped as a child, weren't you?"" Varen asked her. ""Maybe once or twice,"" Gwen said, ""but at least I wasn't raised by highly literate vampires who, every night just before bed, fed me a steady diet of dark sarcasm and gothic horror fiction."" ""Every morning before bed,"" Varen corrected. Stepping forward, he moved toward the headstone. ""We slept during the day."	sarcasm
A preoccupation with the next world clearly shows an inability to cope credibly with this one.	philosophy
The flame that burns Twice as bright burns half as long.	philosophy
Miss Prendregast!” He rapped on his desk with his knuckles. “You were never in any danger!”  “Except from the wild animals.”  His lids swept down as if he needed a reprieve from looking at her. “Alert me if you’re attacked by a rabbit.	sarcasm
This inhuman place makes human monsters.	philosophy
Pride is the recognition of the fact that you are your own highest value and, like all of man’s values, it has to be earned. His own happiness is man’s only moral purpose, but only his own virtue can achieve it…Life is the reward of virtue- and happiness is the goal and the reward of life.  Happiness is a state of non-contradictory joy- a joy without penalty or guilt, a joy that does not clash with any of your values and does not work for your won destruction, not the joy of escaping from your mind, but using your mind’s fullest power.  Happiness is possible only to a rational man, the man who desires nothing but rational goals, seek nothing but rational values and finds his joy in nothing bu rational actions.  The symbol of all relationships among such men, the moral symbol of respect for human beings, is the trade…A trader is a man who earns what he gets and does not give or take the undeserved.	philosophy
"What's going on?"" I asked when he finished. ""I'll let you know soon. For now, we have to wait."" ""Great. My favorite thing to do."	sarcasm
Rest assured you make perfectly good nonsense.  I understand you one-hundred-percent not at all.	sarcasm
Ideas and philosophies have a shelf-life. They must be kept fresh and renewed or they will spoil. If left unattended, the same ideas and philosophies that once nourished you and helped you grow can poison you and make you sick. Become aware of new ideas that can refresh your way of life and be open to the fact that your old ideas and philosophies can work for you for some time, but when the shelf-life has passed, those ideas and philosophies could also harm you.	philosophy
Love gives you eyes.	philosophy
God is not a celestial prison warden jangling the keys on a bunch of lifers--he's a shepherd seeking for sheep, a woman searching for coins, a father waiting for his son.	philosophy
I count him braver who overcomes his desires than him who overcomes his enemies.	philosophy
If we thought more for ourselves we would have very many more bad books and very many more good ones.	philosophy
My philosophy on life: On a burrito, the cheese goes underneath the sour cream. Otherwise, how will it melt?	philosophy
One does not have to be a philosopher to be a successful artist, but he does have to be an artist to be a successful philosopher. His nature is to view the world in an unpredictable albeit useful light.	philosophy
"The pre-Socratic Greek philosopher <a href=""https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/357208.Parmenides"" title=""Parmenides"">Parmenides</a> taught that the only things that are real are things which never change... and the pre-Socratic Greek philosopher <a href=""https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/77989.Heraclitus"" title=""Heraclitus"">Heraclitus</a> taught that everything changes. If you superimpose their two views, you get this result: Nothing is real."	philosophy
My advice to you is get married: if you find a good wife you'll be happy; if not, you'll become a philosopher.	philosophy
Going green doesn’t start with doing green acts — it starts with a shift in consciousness. This shift allows you to recognize that with every choice you make, you are voting either for or against the kind of world you wish to see. When you assume this as a way of being, your choices become easier. Using a reusable water bottle, recycling and making conscious daily consumer choices are just a few…	philosophy
We feel most alive when we are closest to death.	philosophy
There is something almost shocking in the notion of so chaste a function carrying this Kantian hurlyburly in her womb.	philosophy
Patience is the only way you can endure the gray periods.	philosophy
Any fool can see the limits of seeing, but not even the wisest know the limits of knowing. Thus is ignorance rendered invisible, and are all Men made fools.	philosophy
A Paradox, the doughnut hole. Empty space, once, but now they've learned to market even that. A minus quantity; nothing, rendered edible. I wondered if they might be used-metaphorically, of course-to demonstrate the existence of God. Does naming a sphere of nothingness transmute it into being?	philosophy
Putting food under lock and key was one of the great innovations of your culture. No other culture in history has ever put food under lock and key - and putting it there is the cornerstone of your economy.[...] Because if the food wasn't under lock and key, Julie, who would work?	philosophy
Innocent tourists? You make me sound like the big bad wolf.” “And you’re not?” I questioned. “Only if you’re Red Riding Hood,” he said flirtatiously. “Wow, that’s original.	sarcasm
Like nature, women are the creative power behind all of creation.	philosophy
Truth is neither ojectivity nor the balanced view; truth is a selfless subjectivity.	philosophy
I believe that the universe was formed around 15 billion years ago and that humans have evolved from their apelike ancestors over the past few million years. I believe we are more likely to live a good life if all humans try to work together in a world community, preserving planet earth. When decisions for groups are made in this world, I believe that the democratic process should be used. To protect the individual, I believe in freedom of speech, freedom of the press, freedom of religion, freedom from religion, freedom of inquiry, and a wall of separation between church and state. When making decisions about what is right or wrong, I believe I should use my intelligence to reason about the likely consequences of my actions. I believe that I should try to increase the happiness of everyone by caring for other people and finding ways to cooperate. Never should my actions discriminate against people simply because of their race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, age, or national origin. I believe that ideas about what is right and wrong will change with education, so I am prepared to continually question ideas using evidence from experience and science. I believe there is no valid evidence to support claims for the existence of supernatural entities and deities. I will use these beliefs to guide my thinking and my actions until I find good reasons for revising them or replacing them with other beliefs that are more valid.	philosophy
"Eragon went to see the dragon for the first time since it had spoken to him. He approached apprehensively, aware now that it was an equal. ""Eragon."" ""Is that all you can say?"" he snapped. ""Yes."" His eyes widened at the unexpected reply, and he sat down roughly. <em> Now it has a sense of humor. What next?</em>"	sarcasm
The most unlucky generation is the one which couldn't produce a hero to look upto.	philosophy
"[about a hat]  You can put it on and say, ""Hey you, person without a hat! I've got something you don't! How did I get it? Probably by being worth more to society."	sarcasm
Empiricism teaches that there is a real world of fixed things on the outside and that ideas of these outside things are stamped on the mind which is at the beginning of life a blank.	philosophy
The Purpose of Philosophy is to fall in Love. To strip the world of all its clothes, and fall in Love with it as it stand before you completely naked.	philosophy
In short, philosophical theories are largely the product of the hidden hand of the cognitive unconscious.	philosophy
The Theist tells us that the truth is <em>god exists,</em> the Atheist tells us that the truth is <em>there is no god,</em> while the truth tells us <strong>we don't know.</strong>	philosophy
Living well is an art that can be developed: a love of life and ability to take great pleasure from small offerings and assurance that the world owes you nothing and that every gift is exactly that, a gift.	philosophy
"What if,"" replied Inspector Fry in the same maddeningly curteous tone, ""we were all to construct daisy chains and drape them so as to shield the words from public view?"	sarcasm
"But no: he was empty, he was confronted by a vast anger, a desperate anger, he saw it and could almost have touched it. But it was inert - if it were to live and find expression and suffer, he must lend it his own body. It was other people's anger. ""Swine!"" He clenched his fists, he strode along, but nothing came, the anger remained external to himself."	philosophy
We see a lot of feature-driven product design in which the cost of features is not properly accounted. Features can have a negative value to customers because they make the products more difficult to understand and use. We are finding that people like products that just work. It turns out that designs that just work are much harder to produce that designs that assemble long lists of features.	philosophy
For the first time, but certainly not the last, I began to believe that Arsenal's moods and fortunes somehow reflected my own	sarcasm
I hope it is not necessary for me to stress the platonic nature of our relationship- not platonic in the purest sense, there was no philosophical discourse, but we certainly didn't fuck, which is usually what people mean by platonic; which I bet would really piss Plato off, that for all his thinking and chatting his name has become an adjective for describing sexless trysts.	philosophy
There were so many viciously sarcastic ways to respond, Jaden’s brain was temporarily paralyzed due to witty comeback overload.	sarcasm
Mmm, being irresistibly likeable is such a trial,' she drawled in an impeccable aristocratic whine. 'One is constantly in demand, but one must do one's duty, mustn't one, dear chap? Noblesse oblige and all that...	sarcasm
Apakah seorang pencari keheningan adalah si mulia? ataukah si pengecut yang tidak berani menghadapi masalah dunia?	philosophy
The only stirrups I like are on a saddle.	sarcasm
Before I can live with other folks I’ve got to live with myself. The one thing that doesn’t abide by majority rule is a person’s conscience.	philosophy
"The world's a puzzle; no need to make sense out of it."" - Socrates"	philosophy
Great understanding is broad and unhurried; little understanding is cramped and busy. Great words are clear and limpid; little words are shrill and quarrelsome.	philosophy
Socrates: Have you noticed on our journey how often the citizens of this new land remind each other it is a free country?  Plato: I have, and think it odd they do this. Socrates: How so, Plato? Plato: It is like reminding a baker he is a baker, or a sculptor he is a sculptor. Socrates: You mean to say if someone is convinced of their trade, they have no need to be reminded. Plato: That is correct. Socrates: I agree. If these citizens were convinced of their freedom, they would not need reminders.	philosophy
Your moral code begins by damning man as evil, then demands that he practice a good which it defines as impossible for him to practice…It demands that he starts, not with a standard of value, but with a standard of evil, which is himself, by means of which he is then to define the good: the good is that which he is not.   A sin without volition is a slap at morality and an isolent contradiction in terms: that which is outside the possibility of choice is outside the province of morality. If man is evil by birth, he has no will, no power to change it; if he has no will, he can be neither good nor evil; a robot is amoral. To hold a man’s sin, a fact not open to his choice is a mockery of morality…To punish him for a crime he committed before he was born is a mockery of justice. To hold him guilty in a matter where no innocence exists is a mockery of reason.   (The) myth decleares that he ate the fruit of the tree of knowledge-he acquired a mind and became a rational being. It was the knowledge of good and evil-he became a moral being…The evils for which they damn him are reasn, morality, creativeness, joy-all the cardinal values of his existence….the essence of his nature as a man. Whatever he was- that robot in the Garden of Eden, who existed without mind, without values, without labor, without love- he was not a man.	philosophy
Sticks and stones may break my bones, but words will never hurt me.' Yeah, well, whoever wrote that was a friggin' idiot.	sarcasm
My ship came in,then it sank!	philosophy
How Gloomy it is, to pause, to cease and to rust unburn, to get used and be indistinct. Like to live is to breathe.	sarcasm
The inner fire is the most important thing mankind possesses.	philosophy
Truth would quickly cease to be stranger than fiction, once we got as used to it.	philosophy
One must try to make one's life as pleasant as possible. I'm alive and it's not my fault, which means I must somehow go on living the best I can, without bothering anybody, until I die.' 'But what makes you live? With such thoughts, you'll sit without moving, without undertaking anything...' 'Life won't leave one alone as it is.	philosophy
Love will never let you down, if you don't give it up	philosophy
How do we account for this paradox that the absence of Law universalizes prohibition ... The psychoanalytic name for this obscene injunction for this obscene call, ENJOY, is superego. The problem today is not how to get rid of your inhibitions and to be able to spontaneously enjoy. The problem is how to get rid of this injunction to enjoy.	philosophy
I tell you as well as myself: what we see with our own eyes is nothing other than a cloud concealing what we should perceive with our inner sight, while what we listen to with our ears is merely a ringing sound disturbing what we should understand with our hearts. When we see a man being taken to prion by a police officer let us not hasten to assume he is a wrong-doer. When we see a corpse, and a man standing beside it with bloodstained hands, let us not conclude that this is a victim and his assassin. When we hear one man singing and another lamenting, let us ascertain which one of the two is truly happy.	philosophy
Freedom is an absolute state, there is no such thing as being half-free.	philosophy
"We are literally in the heart of Jesus,"" he said. ""I thought we were in a church basement, but we are literally in the heart of Jesus."" ""Someone should tell Jesus,"" I said. ""I mean, it's gotta be dangerous, storing children with cancer in your heart."	sarcasm
The question has often been asked; Is Buddhism a religion or a philosophy? It does not matter what you call it. Buddhism remains what it is whatever label you may put on it. The label is immaterial. Even the label 'Buddhism' which we give to the teachings of the Buddha is of little importance. The name one gives is inessential.... In the same way Truth needs no label: it is neither Buddhist, Christian, Hindu nor Moslem. It is not the monopoly of anybody. Sectarian labels are a hindrance to the independent understanding of Truth, and they produce harmful prejudices in men's minds.	philosophy
"Thinking I'm a moron gives people something to feel smug about,"" Charles Wallace said. ""Why should I disillusion them?"	sarcasm
I like seeing little kids in shopping carts. It's good practice for when they turn 18 &amp; have to spend the rest of their lives in jail cells.	sarcasm
Man’s mind is his basic tool of survival. Life is given to him, survival is not. His body is given to him, its sustenance is not. His mind is given to him, its content is not. To remain alive, he must act, and before he can act he must know the nature and purpose of his action. He cannot obtain his food without a knowledge of food and of the way to obtain it. He cannot dig a ditch – or build a cyclotron – without a knowledge of his aim and of the means to achieve it. To remain alive, he must think.  “But to think is an act of choice. The key to what you so recklessly call ‘human nature,’ the open secret you live with, yet dread to name, is the fact that man is a being of volitional consciousness. Reason does not work automatically; thinking is not a mechanical process; the connections of logic are not made by instinct. The function of your stomach, lungs, or heart is automatic; the function of your mind is not. In any hour and issue of your life, you are free to think or to evade that effort. But you are not free to escape from your nature, from the fact that reason is your means of survival – so that for you, who are a human being, the question ‘to be or not to be’ is the question ‘to think or not to think.’ . . .   “Man has no automatic code of survival. His particular distinction from all other living species is the necessity to act in the face of alternatives by means of volitional choice. . . Man must obtain his knowledge and choose his actions by a process of thinking, which nature will not force him to perform. Man has the power to act as his own destroyer – and that is the way he has acted through most of his history (pages 1012-1013).	philosophy
There is nothing either good or bad, but thinking makes it so.	philosophy
This is the best thing to wear for today, you understand. Because I don't like women in skirts and the best thing is to wear pantyhose or some pants under a short skirt, I think. Then you have the pants under the skirt and then you can pull the stockings up over the pants underneath the skirt. And you can always take off the skirt and use it as a cape. So I think this is the best costume for today.	philosophy
It seemed to a number of philosophers of language, myself included, that we should attempt to achieve a unification of Chomsky's syntax, with the results of the researches that were going on in semantics and pragmatics. I believe that this effort has proven to be a failure. Though Chomsky did indeed revolutionize the subject of linguistics, it is not at all clear, at the end the century, what the solid results of this revolution are. As far as I can tell there is not a single rule of syntax that all, or even most, competent linguists are prepared to agree is a rule.	philosophy
If you can't test it, it's not theorics -- it's metatheorics. A branch of philosophy. So, if you want to think of it this way, our test equipment is what defines the boundary separating theorics from philosophy.	philosophy
I tried to think the same thought in as many different religions as possible, so the thought itself wouldn't be limited by any particular way of reasoning, the way words restrict -- the whole eskimo-seventeen-words-for-snow idea.	philosophy
Each voice carries a portion of value, no matter how unpalatable or distasteful that voice may be: no one person, government, ideology, transnational, or religious institution can own and dominate the whole.	philosophy
To question reason is to trust it.	philosophy
But there was no going back to that idyllic time when only one god wanted to kill me.	sarcasm
Charming. We're going to be murdered in our beds.	sarcasm
The creative process is a love story that never ends. The ideas are like suitors competing for your attention. You may have relationships, with multiple ideas, at once. You may devote yourself completely to one idea, for a awhile, but the affairs will never end. There will always be more ideas to romance and more concepts to develop. And all for that wonderful moment when you get to gaze at the complete creation and hold perfection in your arms, for one blissful moment... before your inner-critic starts tearing it to shreds.	sarcasm
I started my life with a single absolute: that the world was mine to shape in the image of my highest values and never to be given up to a lesser standard, no matter how long or hard the struggle.	philosophy
Plus d'un qui n'a pu liberer ses propres chaines a su pourtant en liberer son ami.	philosophy
But the goal of the arts, culinary or otherwise, is not to increase our comfort. That is the goal of an easy chair.	philosophy
A prudent man should always follow in the path trodden by great men and imitate those who are most excellent, so that if he does not attain to their greatness, at any rate he will get some tinge of it.	philosophy
Do you know what I think about crying? I think some people have to learn to do it. But once you learn, once you know how to really cry, there's nothing quite like it. I feel sorry for those who don't know the trick. It's like whistling or singing.	philosophy
The art of music is good, for the reason, among others, that it produces pleasure; but what proof is it possible to give that pleasure is good? If, then, it is asserted that there is a comprehensive formula, including all things which are in themselves good, and that whatever else is good, is not so as an end, but as a mean, the formula may be accepted or rejected, but is not a subject of what is commonly understood by proof.	philosophy
No art takes places without inspiration. Every artist also needs effective knowledge of his or her tools (e.g., does a certain brush function well with a particular kind of paint?). What’s more, artists need effective techniques for using those tools.  Likewise, to express ourselves skillfully with maximum efficiency and minimum effort, we need to investigate the most effective ways of using the mind and body since, in the end, they are the only “tools” we truly possess in life.	philosophy
All modern philosophizing is political, policed by governments, churches, academics, custom, fashion, and human cowardice, all off which limit it to a fake learnedness.	philosophy
Facts are much more malleable than prejudices.	sarcasm
#quote In the harshest conditions is when we know better the people around us. En las condiciones más duras es cuando conocemos mejor a las personas que nos rodean.	philosophy
Faith in the possibilities of continued and rigorous inquiry does not limit access to truth to any channel or scheme of things. It does not first say that truth is universal and then add there is but one road to it.	philosophy
"Named Harris,"" Bill said. ""Ever know him, Mike? He was in the war, too.""  ""Fortunate fellow,"" Mike said. ""What times we had. How I wish those dear days were back."	sarcasm
Il est ce qui échappe à l'activité des hommes, à la reconsidération et à la correction de leur œuvre.	philosophy
In particular those who are condemned to stagnation are often pronounced happy on the pretext that happiness consists in being at rest. This notion we reject, for our perspective is that of existentialist ethics. Every subject plays his part as such specifically through exploits or projects that serve as a mode of transcendence; he achieves liberty only through a continual reaching out towards other liberties. There is no justification for present existence other than its expansion into an indefinitely open future. Every time transcendence falls back into immanence, stagnation, there is a degradation of existence into the ‘en-sois’ – the brutish life of subjection to given conditions – and of liberty into constraint and contingence. This downfall represents a moral fault if the subject consents to it; if it is inflicted upon him, it spells frustration and oppression. In both cases it is an absolute evil. Every individual concerned to justify his existence feels that his existence involves an undefined need to transcend himself, to engage in freely chosen projects.	philosophy
Men, Kellhus had once told her, were like coins: they had two sides. Where one side of them saw, the other side of them was seen, and though all men were both at once, men could only truly know the side of themselves that saw and the side of others that was seen—they could only truly know the inner half of themselves and the outer half of others. At first Esmenet thought this foolish. Was not the inner half the whole, what was only imperfectly apprehended by others? But Kellhus bid her to think of everything she’d witnessed in others. How many unwitting mistakes? How many flaws of character? Conceits couched in passing remarks. Fears posed as judgements … The shortcomings of men—their limits—were written in the eyes of those who watched them. And this was why everyone seemed so desperate to secure the good opinion of others—why everyone played the mummer. They knew without knowing that what they saw of themselves was only half of who they were. And they were desperate to be whole. The measure of wisdom, Kellhus had said, was found in the distance between these two selves. Only afterward had she thought of Kellhus in these terms. With a kind of surpriseless shock, she realized that not once—not once!—had she glimpsed shortcomings in his words or actions. And this, she understood, was why he seemed limitless, like the ground, which extended from the small circle about her feet to the great circle about the sky. He had become her horizon. For Kellhus, there was no distance between seeing and being seen. He alone was whole. And what was more, he somehow stood from without and saw from within. He made whole …	philosophy
"The Copenhagen Interpretation is sometimes called ""model agnosticism"" and holds that any grid we use to organize our experience of the world is a model of the world and should not be confused with the world itself. <a href=""https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/63523.Alfred_Korzybski"" title=""Alfred Korzybski"">Alfred Korzybski</a>, the semanticist, tried to popularize this outside physics with the slogan, ""The map is not the territory."" <a href=""https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/1501668.Alan_Watts"" title=""Alan Watts"">Alan Watts</a>, a talented exegete of Oriental philosophy, restated it more vividly as ""The menu is not the meal."	philosophy
Allaah subhanahuu, rejects those who refused Allaah’s Shareeah; the laws that are good for the Muslims; the laws that forbid what is evil. Allaah rejects those who follow laws of personal desires and who adopt laws of Kufr such as the laws enforced by the Tartars who were under the control of Gengiz Khan, their king. These laws were﻿ a mixture of Judaism, Christianity and laws chosen by their king that suited his desires. Should we prefer these laws to the Sharee`ah of Allaah and His Prophet (sallallahu alaihi wa sallam)?	philosophy
We must have a new mythology, but it must place itself at the service of ideas, it must become a mythology of reason. Mythology must become philosophical, so that the people may become rational, and philosophy must become mythological, so that philosophers may become sensible. If we do not give ideas a form that is aesthetic, i.e., mythological, they will hold no interest for people.	philosophy
There are two ways of constructing a piece of software: One is to make it so simple that there are obviously no errors, and the other is to make it so complicated that there are no obvious errors.	philosophy
I feel you not only on Valentine’s day but with every breath of everyday.	philosophy
Women do not lie about their age. In fact, no woman ever has, its just that memory is the first thing to go.	sarcasm
The easiest way to be reborn is to live and feel life everyday	philosophy
The supply of matter in the universe was never more tightly packed than it is now, or more widely spread out. For nothing is ever added to it or subtracted from it. It follows that the movement of atoms today is no different from what it was in bygone ages and always will be. So the things that have regularly come into being will continue to come into being in the same manner; they will be and grow and flourish so far as each is allowed by the laws of nature.	philosophy
I imagine that the intelligent people are the ones so intelligent that they don't even need or want to look 'intelligent' anymore.	philosophy
We feel that even if all possible scientific questions be answered, the problems of life have still not been touched at all.	philosophy
So does anyone have a good survival strategy, or is there no hope for getting out of this nightmare?’ asks the Colonel.  ‘We came up with a big, fat zero. I don’t know how we’re going to survive the blood hunt,’ says Dee.  ‘That wasn’t the nightmare I was referring to,’ says the Colonel. ‘Death by stupid comments is what I was talking about.	sarcasm
Let us being again. To take some examples: why should “literature” still designate that which already breaks away from literature—away from what has always been conceived and signified under that name—or that which, not merely escaping literature, implacably destroys it? (Posed in these terms, the question would already be caught in the assurance of a certain fore-knowledge: can “what has always been conceived and signified under that name” be considered fundamentally homogeneous, univocal, or nonconflictual?) To take other examples: what historical and strategic function should henceforth be assigned to the quotation marks, whether visible or invisible, which transform this into a “book,” or which still make the deconstruction of philosophy into a “philosophical discourse”?	philosophy
It is quite true what Philosophy says: that Life must be understood backwards. But that makes one forget the other saying: that it must be lived—forwards. The more one ponders this, the more it comes to mean that life in the temporal existence never becomes quite intelligible, precisely because at no moment can I find complete quiet to take the backward- looking position.	philosophy
Il faut que l’homme s’évade de cette lice ridicule qu’on lui a faite: le prétendu réel actuel avec la perspective d’un réel futur qui ne vaille guère mieux. Chaque minute pleine porte en elle-même la négation de siècles d’histoire boitillante et cassée. Ceux à qui il appartient de faire virevolter ces huit flamboyants au-dessus de nous ne le pourront qu’avec de la sève pure._ Manifestes du surréalisme	philosophy
"Don't stop there. I suppose there are also, what, vampires and werewolves and zombies?"" ""Of course there are. Although you mostly find zombies farther south, where the voudun priests are."" ""What about mummies? Do they only hang around Egypt?"" ""Don't be ridiculous. No one believes in mummies."	sarcasm
De jure objections are arguments of claims to the effect that Christian belief, whether or not true, is at any rate unjustifiable, or rationally unjustified, or irrational, or not intellectually respectable, or contrary to sound morality, or without sufficient evidence, or in some other way rationally unacceptable, not up to snuff from an intellectual point of view.	philosophy
To live entirely without a goal! I have glimpsed this state, and have often attained it, without managing to remain there: I am too weak for such happiness.	philosophy
Grave Dancing for Dummies {Couplet}  They danced at my grave when I was buried at sea; with my haters drowned, I'm now totally free.	philosophy
"If you haven't said 'I love you' to someone today, do it. You won't always be happy, but you should try to be. Don't be too afraid of germs. Those people have no fun. Remember to look around sometimes. You might see something you haven't seen before or at the very least avoid being hit by a flying object. Speaking of flying objects, don't spend your life looking for extraterrestrial life, unless you work for NASA. Remember that you always have to cooperate with someone. Life is an endless negotiation. Play fair. Stay out of jail. Don't live in the past. Eat breakfast. It really is the most important meal of the day. Try to make new friends, even when you think you're too old to do that. ...And finally, remember this"" 'Yes' is always a better work than 'no'. Unless, of course, someone has just asked you to commit a felony."	philosophy
When the mind is free, magic happens.	philosophy
Despair is the price one pays for setting oneself an impossible aim. It is, one is told, the unforgivable sin, but it is a sin the corrupt or evil man never practices. He always has hope. He never reaches the freezing-point of knowing absolute failure. Only the man of goodwill carries always in his heart this capacity for damnation.	philosophy
Now that science has helped us to overcome the awe of the unknown in nature, we are the slaves of social pressures of our own making. When called upon to act independently, we cry for patterns, systems, and authorities. If by enlightenment and intellectual progress we mean the freeing of man from superstitious belief in evil forces, in demons and fairies, in blind fate--in short, the emancipation from fear--then denunciation of what is currently called reason is the greatest service reason can render.	philosophy
It is reasonable to love the Absolute absolutely for the same reason it is reasonable to love the relative relatively.	philosophy
He might not be here, but the day he misses an opportunity to party is the day Jocelyn Wildenstein is considered the paragon of beauty.	sarcasm
I always thought old age would be a writer’s best chance. Whenever I read the late work of Goethe or W. B. Yeats I had the impertinence to identify with it. Now, my memory’s gone, all the old fluency’s disappeared. I don’t write a single sentence without saying to myself, ‘It’s a lie!’ So I know I was right. It’s the best chance I’ve ever had.	philosophy
"That seems like stealing, doesn't it?"" Simon pulled a cup toward him. He drew the lid back. ""Ooh. Mochaccino."" He looked at Magnus. ""Did you pay for these?"" ""Sure,"" said Magnus, while Jace and Alec snickered. ""I make dollar bills magically appear in their cash register."" ""Really?"" ""No."" Magnus popped the lid off his own coffee. ""But you can pretend I did if it makes you feel better. So, first order of business is what?"	sarcasm
Sarcasm is the lowest form of wit.	sarcasm
Consider the cattle, grazing as they pass you by. They do not know what is meant by yesterday or today, they leap about, eat, rest, digest, leap about again, and so from morn till night and from day to day, fettered to the moment and its pleasure or displeasure, and thus neither melancholy nor bored. [...] A human being may well ask an animal: 'Why do you not speak to me of your happiness but only stand and gaze at me?' The animal would like to answer, and say, 'The reason is I always forget what I was going to say' - but then he forgot this answer too, and stayed silent.	philosophy
We are often taught to look for the beauty in all things, so in finding it, the layman asks the philosopher while the philosopher asks the photographer.	philosophy
What time is it?” “One o'clock.” I nearly spit out some soda. “In the afternoon?” “No. In the morning. Don't let that damn sunlight fool you. It lies.	sarcasm
But because me and myself, as you no doubt are well aware, we are going to die, my relation—and yours too—to the event of this text, which otherwise never quite makes it, our relation is that of a structurally posthumous necessity. Suppose, in that case, that I am not alone in my claim to know the idiomatic code (whose notion itself is already contradictory) of this event. What if somewhere, here or there, there are shares in this non-secret’s secret? Even so the scene would not be changed. The accomplices, as you are once again well aware, are also bound to die.	philosophy
When I say that consciousness is an illusion I do not mean that consciousness does not exist. I mean that consciousness is not what it appears to be. If it seems to be a continuous stream of rich and detailed experiences, happening one after the other to a conscious person, this is the illusion.	philosophy
Possibility, infinity, beauty -- none of those words were right. [...] What he really wanted to say was: have you felt this? this phantom life streaking like a phosphorescent hound at the edges of your ruin?	philosophy
Son, never trust a man who doesn’t drink because he’s probably a self-righteous sort, a man who thinks he knows right from wrong all the time. Some of them are good men, but in the name of goodness, they cause most of the suffering in the world. They’re the judges, the meddlers. And, son, never trust a man who drinks but refuses to get drunk. They’re usually afraid of something deep down inside, either that they’re a coward or a fool or mean and violent. You can’t trust a man who’s afraid of himself. But sometimes, son, you can trust a man who occasionally kneels before a toilet. The chances are that he is learning something about humility and his natural human foolishness, about how to survive himself. It’s damned hard for a man to take himself too seriously when he’s heaving his guts into a dirty toilet bowl.	philosophy
Go on the roller coaster they tell me. It’ll be fun they tell me. -Max Montgomery	sarcasm
There is no part of one’s beliefs about oneself which cannot be modified by sufficiently powerful psychological techniques. There is nothing about oneself which cannot be taken away or changed. The proper stimuli can, if correctly applied, turn communists into fascists, saints into devils, the meek into heroes, and vice-versa. There is no sovereign sanctuary within ourseles which represents our real nature. There is nobody at home in the internal fortress. Everything we cherish as our ego, everything we believe in, is just what we have cobbled together out of the accident of our birth and subsequent experiences. With drugs, brainwashing, and other techniques of extreme persuasion, we can quite readily make a man a devotee of a different ideology, the patriot of a different country, or the follower of a different religion.	philosophy
I would never die for my beliefs because I might be wrong.	philosophy
The most dangerous irony is, people are angry with others because of their own incompetence.	philosophy
She had lost herself in this old work, her personality dissolving into it, so that she had been set free. The immortality of the soul lies in its dissolution; this was the cryptic comment that so frustrated Olivier and which Julien had only ever grasped as evidence for the history of a particular school of thought. He had known all about its history, but Julia knew what it meant. He found the realization strangely reassuring.	philosophy
Good authors worry about genres great authors don't.	philosophy
Those who do not think bout the future cannot have one.	philosophy
The best of humanity's recorded history is a creative balance between horrors endured and victories achieved, and so it was during the Harlem Renaissance.	philosophy
The real community of man, in the midst of all the self-contradictory simulacra of community, is the community of those who seek the truth, of the potential knowers...of all men to the extent they desire to know. But in fact, this includes only a few, the true friends, as Plato was to Aristotle at the very moment they were disagreeing about the nature of the good...They were absolutely one soul as they looked at the problem. This, according to Plato, is the only real friendship, the only real common good. It is here that the contact people so desperately seek is to be found...This is the meaning of the riddle of the improbable philosopher-kings. They have a true community that is exemplary for all other communities.	philosophy
Teaching the layperson (divulgare) is not distorting (tergiversare) the subject, but educating the public; and it is our duty as scientists to educate without distorting the essence of the scientific knowledge attained by humanity. The future of our society depends upon this premise.	philosophy
Knowledge is power is time is money.	philosophy
"Wes sat in a cracked vinyl booth picking at his fries and listening to Amanda go on and on about the dress she'd found.  '...and it has these little lavender bows. Oh, Wes, I can't wait 'til you see it.' She gesticulated wildly, and her only saving grace right now was her amazing rack that swayed and bounced with each movement. Sometimes he swore that was the only reason he ever looked crosswise at Amanda Price. That, and her daddy's checkbook.  'And I found these shoes--""  'Uh huh, that's nice,' he cut her off and slid free from the booth. He held out his hand. 'Got the card?' He waved the bill in the air at her questioning gaze. Was she a little cross-eyed, maybe? He thought so."	sarcasm
"They all know the truth, that there are only three subjects worth talking about. At least here in these parts,"" he says, ""The weather, which, as they're farmers, affects everything else. Dying and birthing, of both people and animals. And what we eat - this last item comprising what we ate the day before and what we're planning to eat tomorrow. And all three of these major subjects encompass, in one way or another, philosophy, psychology, sociology, anthropology, the physical sciences, history, art, literature, and religion. We get around to sparring about all that counts in life but we usually do it while we're talking about food, it being a subject inseparable from every other subject. It's the table and the bed that count in life. And everything else we do, we do so we can get back to the table, back to the bed."	philosophy
To be an outlaw you must first have a base in law to reject and get out of, I never had such a base. I never had a place I could call home that meant any more than a key to a house, apartment or hotel room. … Am I alien? Alien from what exactly? Perhaps my home is my dream city, more real than my waking life precisely because it has no relation to waking life…	philosophy
The only thing that interests the physicist is finding out on what assumptions a framework of things can be constructed which will enable us to know how to use them mechanically. Physics, as I have said on another occasion, is the technique of techniques and the ars combinatoria for fabricating machines. It is a knowledge which has scarcely anything to do with comprehension.	philosophy
Godshawk looked surprised, the way that people generally do when you ask them philosophical questions in shrubberies in the middle of the night.	philosophy
Kein Philosoph würde ein dickes Buch schreiben, wenn er im Vornherein wüsste, auf welche Weise er später zitiert werden wird.	philosophy
Some want to live within the sound Of church or chapel bell; I want to run a rescue shop, Within a yard of hell.	philosophy
You might as well laugh at yourself, everyone else is.	sarcasm
This body is fragile. It is just flesh. Listen to the heartbeat. Life depends on the pumping of a muscle.	philosophy
People do not know how what is at variance agrees with itself. It is an attunement of opposite tensions, like that of the bow and the lyre.	philosophy
As a general rule, I preferred not to have my soul reaped.	sarcasm
I wish you a vivacious day of love, laughter, and joy. Have an awesome birthday!	philosophy
Cheapen words and they'll cheapen you	philosophy
"Death's got an Invisibility Cloak?"" Harry interrupted again. ""So he can sneak up on people,"" said Ron. ""Sometimes he gets bored of running at them, flapping his arms and shrieking..."	sarcasm
Except our own thoughts, there is nothing absolutely in our power.	philosophy
The essence of independence has been to think and act according to standards from <em>within</em>, not <em>without</em>: to follow one's own path, not that of the crowd.	philosophy
"And, drunk with my own madness, I shouted at him furiously, ""Make life beautiful! Make life beautiful!"	philosophy
If all mankind minus one, were of one opinion, and only one person were of the contrary opinion, mankind would be no more justified in silencing that one person, than he, if he had the power, would be justified in silencing mankind.	philosophy
[T]he price you've paid is not the price of becoming human. It's not even the price of having the things you just mentioned. It's the price of enacting a story that casts mankind as the enemy of the world.	philosophy
It is just as crazy <em>not</em> to be crazy about Christ as it is to be crazy about anything else.	philosophy
The heart is like a woman, and the head is like a man, and although man is the head of woman, woman is the heart of man, and she turns man's head because she turns his heart.	philosophy
No man can reveal to you aught but that which already lies half asleep in the dawning of your knowledge. The teacher who walks in the shadow of the temple, among his followers, gives not of his wisdom but rather of his faith and his lovingness. If he is indeed wise he does not bid you enter the house of his wisdom, but rather leads you to the threshold of your own mind.	philosophy
Wenn ich den Eindruck hätte, dass in dem, was Sie da sagen, auch nur ein Körnchen Vernunft steckt, würde ich mir vielleicht die Mühe machen, mich auf eine solche Diskussion einzulassen. Aber wie die Dinge liegen, werde ich einfach an etwas anderes denken, während Sie weiter vor sich hin plappern.	sarcasm
Progress has always been achieved by probing well-entrenched and well-founded forms of life with unpopular and unfounded values. This is how man gradually freed himself from fear and from the tyranny of unexamined systems.	philosophy
We are not our own light.	philosophy
Civil government, so far as it is instituted for the security of property, is in reality instituted for the defense of the rich against the poor, or of those who have some property against those who have none at all.	philosophy
"In the eighteenth century, philosophers considered the whole of human knowledge, including science, to be their field and discussed questions such as: Did the universe have a beginning? However, in the nineteenth and twentieth centuries, science became too technical and mathematical for the philosophers, or anyone else except a few specialists. Philosophers reduced the scope of their inquiries so much that Wittgenstein, the most famous philosopher of this century, said, ""The sole remaining task for philosophy is the analysis of language."" What a comedown from the great tradition of philosophy from Aristotle to Kant!"	philosophy
And last are the few whose delight is in meditation and understanding; who yearn not for goods, nor for victory, but for knowledge; who leave both market and battlefield to lose themselves in the quiet clarity of secluded thought; whose will is a light rather than a fire, whose haven is not power but truth: these are the men of wisdom, who stand aside unused by the world.	philosophy
My philosophy, in essence, is the concept of man as a heroic being, with his own happiness as the moral purpose of his life, with productive achievement as his noblest activity, and reason as his only absolute.	philosophy
In the process of burning out these confusions, we discover enlightenment. If the process were otherwise, the awakened state of mind would be a product dependent upon cause and effect and therefore liable to dissolution. Anything which is created must, sooner or later, die. If enlightenment were created in such a way, there would always be a possibility of ego reasserting itself, causing a return to the confused state. Enlightenment is permanent because we have not produced it; we have merely discovered it.	philosophy
Giving is the only way of taking part	philosophy
Music can touch and heal that secret wound of the soul which nothing else can reach.	philosophy
We can't avoid reasoning; we can only avoid doing it well.	philosophy
Ah, clever clogs, but it <em>will</em> have happened in one of my alternative lives. You know--the lives hot-shot scientists tell us we are living at the same time as this one we know about. Which being so, how do you know that what happens in one of your alternative lives doesn't sometimes leak through into your consciousness in this life, and make you sad that you aren't living that particular alternative life instead of this one? Don't you sometimes feel depressed for no reason you can think of? I do. And maybe that's why. We've had a leak from an alternative life and want that life now. Like wanting an ice cream when you were little, which you knew was in the freezer, but your mom wouldn't let you have it.	philosophy
Preparation [10w]  Hope for the best,  but prepare for your insufferable wife.	philosophy
Don't believe everything you read on the Internet.	sarcasm
Lifes like a painters palette, just when you've got everything worked out the colours change	philosophy
"Then the small man suddenly ran after them and said: ""I want to get my haircut. I say, do you know a little shop anywhere where they cut hair properly? I keep on having my hair cut, but it keeps on growing again."" One of the tall men looked at him with the air of a pained naturalist."	sarcasm
You see, that is the sad, sorry, terrible thing about sarcasm.  It's really funny.	sarcasm
There are many who consider as an injury to themselves any conduct which they have a distaste for, and resent it as an outrage to their feelings; as a religious bigot, when charged with disregarding the religious feelings of others, has been known to retort that they disregard his feelings, by persisting in their abominable worship or creed. But there is no parity between the feeling of a person for his own opinion, and the feeling of another who is offended at his holding it; no more than between the desire of a thief to take a purse, and the desire of the right owner to keep it. And a person's taste is as much his own peculiar concern as his opinion or his purse. It is easy for any one to imagine an ideal public, which leaves the freedom and choice of individuals in all uncertain matters undisturbed, and only requires them to abstain from modes of conduct which universal experience has condemned. But where has there been seen a public which set any such limit to its censorship? or when does the public trouble itself about universal experience. In its interferences with personal conduct it is seldom thinking of anything but the enormity of acting or feeling differently from itself; and this standard of judgment, thinly disguised, is held up to mankind as the dictate of religion and philosophy, by nine tenths of all moralists and speculative writers. These teach that things are right because they are right; because we feel them to be so. They tell us to search in our own minds and hearts for laws of conduct binding on ourselves and on all others. What can the poor public do but apply these instructions, and make their own personal feelings of good and evil, if they are tolerably unanimous in them, obligatory on all the world?	philosophy
Love is a cowboy's hardest ride.	philosophy
...the fundamental things in a man are not the things he explains, but rather the things he forgets to explain.	philosophy
One great function of the arts is to keep ideals alive in a culture that does not yet realize them.	philosophy
Es gibt nichts Gutes außer: Man tut es.  There is nothing good unless you do it.	philosophy
Beauty as we feel it is something indescribable; what it is or what it means can never be said.	philosophy
Sarcasm is the language of people whose emotions are dying.	sarcasm
What a silly thing love is!' said the student as he walked away. 'It is not half as useful as logic, for it does not prove anything, and it is always telling one of things that are not going to happen, and making one believe things that are not true. In fact, it is quite unpractical, and, as in this age to be practical is everything, I shall go back to philosophy and study metaphysics.'  So he returned to his room and pulled out a great dusty book, and began to read.	philosophy
The legitimate powers of government extend to such acts only as are injurious to others. It does me no injury for my neighbor to say there are twenty gods or no god. It neither picks my pocket nor breaks my leg.	philosophy
[People] ask themselves, what is suitable for my position? What is usually done by persons of my station and percuniary circumstances? Or (worse still) what is usually done by persons of a station and circumstances superior to mine? I do not mean that they choose what is customary in preference to what suits their own inclinations. It does not occur to them to have any inclination, except for what is customary. Thus the mind itself is bowed to the yoke: even in what people do for pleasure, conformity is the first thing thought of; they like in crowds; they exercise choice only among things that are commonly done: peculiarity of taste, eccentricity of conduct, are shunned equally with crimes: until by dint of not following their own nature they have no nature to follow: their human capacities are withered and starved: they become incapable of any strong wishes or native pleasures, and are generally without either opinions or feelings of home growth, or properly their own.	philosophy
The purpose of education is to open the windows of the mind.	philosophy
Ability, experience and books have solution for all the problems.	philosophy
Here's a tip...If you leave a girl crying you're probably not doing your Don Juan routine right, asshole.	sarcasm
The fact that life has no meaning is a reason to live-moreover, the only one.	philosophy
It is most remarkable that Lincoln, when he saw so much that was vulnerable in the leadership of the Church, did not move to the opposite error and become a scoffer.	sarcasm
There are 10,000 books in my library, and it will keep growing until I die. This has exasperated my daughters, amused my friends and baffled my accountant. If I had not picked up this habit in the library long ago, I would have more money in the bank today; I would not be richer.	philosophy
The problem with religion, because it's been sheltered from criticism, is that it allows people to believe en masse what only idiots or lunatics could believe in isolation.	philosophy
Who has not, a hundred times, found himself committing a vile or silly action for no other reason than because he knows he should <em>not</em>? Have we not a perpetual inclination, in the teeth of our best judgement, to violate that which is <em>Law</em>, merely because we understand it to be such?	philosophy
"I need to ask, are you afraid of spiders?"" Nicholas blinked, suddenly caught off guard, ""Yes, I'm afraid of spiders."" ""Were you always?"" ""What are you, a psychiatrist?"" Pritam took a breath. He could feel Laine's eyes on him, appraising his line of questioning. ""Is it possible that the trauma of losing your best friend as a child and the trauma of losing your wife as an adult and the trauma of seeing Laine's husband take his life in front of you just recently..."" Pritam shrugged and raised his palms, ""You see where I'm going?"" Nicholas looked at Laine. She watched back. Her gray eyes missed nothing. ""Sure,"" agreed Nicholas, standing. ""And my sister's nuts, too, and we both like imagining that little white dogs are big nasty spiders because our daddy died and we never got enough cuddles."" ""Your father died?"" asked Laine. ""When?"" ""Who cares?"" Pritam sighed. ""You must see this from our point of - "" ""I'd love to!"" snapped Nicholas. ""I'd love to see it from your point of view, because mine is not that much fun! It's insane! It's insane that I see dead people, Pritam! It's insane that this,"" he flicked out the sardonyx necklace,""stopped me from kidnapping a little girl!"" ""That's what you believe,"" Pritam said carefully. ""That's what I fucking believe!"" Nicholas stabbed his finger through the air at the dead bird talisman lying slack on the coffee table."	sarcasm
Kendati batas antara kebebasan dan ketidakpedulian terkadang saru	philosophy
"Together, ""Light and Knowledge"" are Inanimate, Intangible, and Inseparable."	philosophy
What's the use of complaining about something you have no intentions of changing it?	philosophy
The man who has not the habit of reading is imprisoned in his immediate world, in respect to time and space. His life falls into a set routine; he is limited to contact and conversation with a few friends and acquaintances, and he sees only what happens in his immediate neighbourhood. From this prison there is no escape. But the moment he takes up a book, he immediately enters a different world, and if it is a good book, he is immediately put in touch with one of the best talkers of the world. This talker leads him on and carries him into a different country or a different age, or unburdens to him some of his personal regrets, or discusses with him some special line or aspect of life that the reader knows nothing about. An ancient author puts him in communion with a dead spirit of long ago, and as he reads along, he begins to imagine what the ancient author looked like and what type of person he was.	philosophy
I do feel that I’ve managed to make something I could maybe call my world…over time…little by little. And when I’m inside it, to some extent, I feel kind of relieved. But the very fact I felt I had to make such a world probably means that I’m a weak person, that I bruise easily, don’t you think? And in the eyes of society at large, that world of mine is a puny little thing. It’s like a cardboard house: a puff of wind might carry it off somewhere.	philosophy
Man is but a reed, the most feeble thing in nature; but he is a thinking reed.	philosophy
There is no such thing as educational value in the abstract. The notion that some subjects and methods and that acquaintance with certain facts and truths possess educational value in and of themselves is the reason why traditional education reduced the material of education so largely to a diet of predigested materials.	philosophy
It is the man of science, eager to have his every opinion regenerated, his every idea rationalized, by drinking at the fountain of fact, and devoting all the energies of his life to the cult of truth, not as he understands it, but as he does not yet understand it, that ought properly to be called a philosopher.	philosophy
How 'bout a shot of truth in that denial cocktail.	sarcasm
You can change your mind, don't let your mind change you	philosophy
Science is not only compatible with spirituality; it is a profound source of spirituality.	philosophy
…is postmodernity the pastime of an old man who scrounges in the garbage-heap of finality looking for leftovers, who brandishes unconsciousnesses, lapses, limits, confines, goulags, parataxes, non-senses, or paradoxes, and who turns this into the glory of his novelty, into his promise of change?	philosophy
I’m fine, considering I can’t walk anymore,” Pam replied, a sarcastic edge in her voice. “You look like your bringing news. What is it this time, I’m blind?	sarcasm
A woman needs a man like a fish needs a bicycle.	sarcasm
The mage pulled my knife out of his side and looked at it. “Nice knife.” The voice was deep but female. I threw my second knife. The blade bit into the mage’s chest. Shit. Missed the neck. “Here, have another one.	sarcasm
If you don't behave as you believe, you will end by believing as you behave.	philosophy
The important thing is not to stop questioning. Curiosity has its own reason for existing.	philosophy
We grown-up people think that we appreciate music, but if we realized the sense that an infant has brought with it of appreciating sound and rhythm, we would never boast of knowing music. The infant is music itself.	philosophy
Whatever you are, do not even assume that you will be surrounded and gnawed by luxurious worms of an exquisite breed.	sarcasm
There’s no way you can kill someone and get to the other side of the experience unchanged.	philosophy
The gods are fond of the cryptic and dislike the evident.	philosophy
Never take the goals and aspirations along with your corpse. Rather execute... they doth entertain and enthrall the world around you!	sarcasm
Both [Quine and Feyerabend] want to revise a version of positivism. Quine started with the Vienna Circle, and Feyerabend with the Copenhagen school of quantum mechanics. Both the Circle and the school have been called children of Ernst Mach; if so, the philosophies of Feyerabend and Quine must be his grandchildren.	philosophy
To assess the quality of thoughts of people, don't listen to their words, but watch their actions.	philosophy
The best thing that you can have is an abundance of love and plenty of kindness.	philosophy
you got a sad story, ruth,' mimba said. 'but not sad-sad. you here with me and cato and all us together now. you have a happy-sad story. best you can get in this life is happy-sad. but you always gotta remember your own mama that birthed you. even though you only got a crumb of her story, you still got to say her name out loud. you always honor your dead, else you get trouble from them, sure.	philosophy
Most of us try to do too much because we are secretly afraid we will not be able to do anything at all.	philosophy
Goody. That must be why they were looking for a 22-caliber anything when they came by with their search warrant this morning.'  'They didn't!'  'They did.'  'When?'  'Oddly enough, right before I upped my meds.	sarcasm
It is clear that the individual who persecutes a man, his brother, because he is not of the same opinion, is a monster.	philosophy
wherever you find the greatest good, you will find the greatest evil, because evil loves paradise as much as good.	philosophy
I only seem negative to the fortunate. That's because I show the less fortunate that they aren't less fortunate after all.	philosophy
A stone is heavy and the sand is weighty; but a fool's wrath is heavier than them both.	philosophy
Hellman's Mayonnaise: Bring out the Hellman's and bring out the best...  ...artery clogger since Burger King’s Triple Whopper with Cheese.	philosophy
A sign of a lover of wisdom is his delight in not running his mouth about things he doesn't know.	philosophy
I am one thing, my writings are another.	philosophy
Books can be immensely powerful. The ideas in them can change the way people think. Yet it was the Nazis and Stalin's officers who committed terrible crimes, and not Mein Kampf or the Communist Manifesto - and of course, the Manifesto contained many key ideas that are still relevant and important today, long after Stalin has gone. There is a crucial distinction between the book and its effect - it's crucial because if you talk about a book being harmful rather than its effect you begin to legitimise censorship. Abhorrent ideas need to be challenged by better ones, not banned.	philosophy
Every science begins as philosophy and ends as art; it arises in hypothesis and flows into achievement.	philosophy
If you have to explain your sense of humor, then you are performing for the wrong crowd.	sarcasm
I think one of the problems in this country is that too many people are screwing things up, committing crimes and then getting on with their lives. What is really needed for public officials who shame themselves is ritual suicide.	sarcasm
The most beautiful experience we can have is the mysterious. It is the fundamental emotion that stands at the cradle of true art and true science.	philosophy
Whether you live to be 50 or 100 makes no difference, if you made no difference in the world.	philosophy
"But is all this true?"" said Brutha. Didactylos shrugged. ""Could be. Could be. We are here and it is now. The way I see it is, after that, everything tends towards guesswork."" ""You mean you don't KNOW it's true?"" said Brutha. ""I THINK it might be,"" said Didactylos. ""I could be wrong. Not being certain is what being a philosopher is all about."	philosophy
Even though people about us choose the path of hate and violence and warfare and greed and prejudice, we who are Christ's body must throw off these poisons and let love permeate and cleanse every tissue and cell. Nor are we to allow ourselves to become easily discouraged when love is not always obviously successful or pleasant. Love never quits, even when an enemy has hit you on the right cheek and you have turned the other, and he's also hit that.	philosophy
Thoughts become things. If you see it in your mind, you will hold it in your hand.	philosophy
There are so many kinds of time. The time by which we measure our lives. Months and years. Or the <em>big</em> time, the time that raises mountains and makes stars. Or all the things that happen between one heartbeat and the next. Its hard to live in all those kinds of times. Easy to <em>forget</em> that you live in all of them.	philosophy
Our enemies are quite good for relentlessly keeping us sharp and on our toes. This especially goes for sincere philosophers. They use their enemies to challenge their arguments so that they can know the weak points in their own reasoning and how to argue for and strengthen their position. There are just none like one's enemies to always look for his mistakes and do it harder than anyone else.	philosophy
People who lean on logic and philosophy and rational exposition end by starving the best part of the mind.	philosophy
If i had it all to do again there would be more bodies.	philosophy
Look at what you've done,' Sanguine said, shaking his head with mock severity. 'You have foiled out insidious little plot. You have emerged triumphant and victorious. Curse you, do-gooders. Curse you.	sarcasm
Note to self: Caymen is very good at sarcasm.” “If you’re recording notes for an official record, I’d like the word ‘very’ stricken and replaced with ‘exceptionally.	sarcasm
I don't deserve a soul, yet I still have one. I know because it hurts.	philosophy
To stay or to go, it amounted to the same thing.	philosophy
"Are you insinuatin' that my daughter is a liar?"" ""Oh, no, not at all. I'm saying your daughter is a liar. Surely you can appreciate the difference."	sarcasm
Oh, for the love of God. There is no agent more agent than you. I swear you have pin-striped ties encrypted into your DNA. When you die, the coffin is going to read Property of the FBI.	sarcasm
Considering he was neither priest nor scholar, the young man gave sensible, thoughtful replies -- the more so, perhaps, for being untrained, for he had not learned what he should believe or should not believe. Present a statement to him in flagrant contradiction to all Christian doctrine and he could be persuaded to agree on its good sense, unless he remembered it was the sort of thing of which pyres are made for the incautious.	philosophy
Happiness will grow if you plant the seeds of love in the garden of hope with compassion and care.	philosophy
Few if any seemed to have grasped the Principle of Reality; new knowledge leads always to yet more awesome mysteries. Greater physiological knowledge of the brain makes the existence of the soul less possible yet more probable by the nature of the search.	philosophy
How long have you been with Raphael?” “You ask a lot of questions for a dead woman.” “What can I say? I prefer to die well-informed.” -Venom and Elena	sarcasm
"The so-called <em>paradox of freedom</em> is the argument that freedom in the sense of absence of any constraining control must lead to very great restraint, since it makes the bully free to enslave the meek. The idea is, in a slightly different form, and with very different tendency, clearly expressed in <a href=""https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/879.Plato"" title=""Plato"">Plato</a>.  Less well known is the <em>paradox of tolerance</em>: <strong>Unlimited tolerance must lead to the disappearance of tolerance. If we extend unlimited tolerance even to those who are intolerant, if we are not prepared to defend a tolerant society against the onslaught of the intolerant, then the tolerant will be destroyed, and tolerance with them</strong>. — In this formulation, I do not imply, for instance, that we should always suppress the utterance of intolerant philosophies; as long as we can counter them by rational argument and keep them in check by public opinion, suppression would certainly be unwise. But we should claim the <em>right</em> to suppress them if necessary even by force; for it may easily turn out that they are not prepared to meet us on the level of rational argument, but begin by denouncing all argument; they may forbid their followers to listen to rational argument, because it is deceptive, and teach them to answer arguments by the use of their fists or pistols. <strong>We should therefore claim, in the name of tolerance, the right not to tolerate the intolerant. We should claim that any movement preaching intolerance places itself outside the law, and we should consider incitement to intolerance and persecution as criminal, in the same way as we should consider incitement to murder, or to kidnapping, or to the revival of the slave trade, as criminal</strong>."	philosophy
Please, be sure to display your stickers, so that I won’t misplace any of you. I lost a few people, while crossing the street, during the last tour. I didn’t think it was a big deal, but apparently, the boss frowns upon that sort of thing.	sarcasm
It’s fascinating. You know all these words, and they’re all English, but when you string them together into sentences, they just don’t make any sense.	sarcasm
An inventor is a man who asks 'Why?' of the universe and lets nothing stand between the answer and his mind.	philosophy
Creativity sparks originality which then manifests itself into what we call evolution. To depreciate imagination is to depreciate life.	philosophy
Here we find further argument for Gotagga’s supposition that the world is round. How else could all men stand higher than their brothers?	philosophy
I understand that you don’t want to marry me,” I said. “I mean, I don’t know why, since I’m simply delightful to be around. But to each his own taste.	sarcasm
Those who are without compassion cannot see what is seen with the eyes of compassion.	philosophy
If you alone found out what the lie was, then you're probably right—it would make no great difference. But if you ALL found out what the lie was, it might conceivably make a very great difference indeed.	philosophy
Hi! I'm Ethan, I shop at Ikea. I bought a $300 dining suite and it took me three days to assemble!	sarcasm
How’s your first week so far?” Isabele asks. “Well, let me see,” I begin. “Chloe says my penmanship is shit, and I was only thirty minutes early this morning, which apparently means I’m late, but on the bright side, she thinks her non-fat, half-sweet, no-whip soy latte didn’t taste right and then she told me she’s not paying for it. Other than that, work is just fine.	sarcasm
"love as a passion—it is our European specialty—must absolutely be of noble origin; as is well known, its invention is due to the Provencal poet-cavaliers, those brilliant, ingenious men of the ""gai saber,"" to whom Europe owes so much, and almost owes itself."	philosophy
Windmill or no windmill, he said, life would go on as it had always gone on--that is, badly.	philosophy
Every life has a destiny... the trick is to discover it before then end of your life. Otherwise, you will have too many regrets.	philosophy
While you were out JUDGING others, you left your closet door open...and guess what fell out!....Ooops	sarcasm
Facebook is that successful guy you’re supposed to want to date, but you can’t keep your mind off the beautiful freak in the corner. Twitter is my freak.	sarcasm
There may be times when we are powerless to prevent injustice, but there must never be a time when we fail to protest.	philosophy
Compassion is the basis of all morality	philosophy
He did not wish to be divine. If there had never been a God, the emperor thought, it might have been easier to work out what goodness was. This business of worship, of the abnegation of self in the face of the Almighty, was a distraction, a false trail. Wherever goodness lay, it did not lie in ritual, unthinking obeisance before a deity but rather, perhaps, in the slow, clumsy, error-strewn working out of an individual or collective path.	philosophy
Anyone who says that economic security is a human right, has been to much babied. While he babbles, other men are risking and losing their lives to protect him. They are fighting the sea, fighting the land, fighting disease and insects and weather and space and time, for him, while he chatters that all men have a right to security and that some pagan god—Society, The State, The Government, The Commune—must give it to them. Let the fighting men stop fighting this inhuman earth for one hour, and he will learn how much security there is.	philosophy
Nat: Maybe you broke something. Midge: I know. Never fall down, never fall down! Nat: Ah, it's nothing. I fall down every morning. I get up, I have a cup of coffee, I fall down. That's the system. Two years old, you stand up and then BOOM! seventy years later, you fall down again.	philosophy
If by ‘foe’ you mean a brutal killer, then I suppose I’d fall into the ‘friend’ category,” I replied cynically. “Although in your case, we may have to find a secret option number three.	sarcasm
Life is a bitter sweet journey my friend, a bitter sweet journey.	philosophy
The free mind, unafraid of labor, presses on to attain the good.	philosophy
We co-create our reality with others in unseen ways.	philosophy
A constitution that is made for all nations is made for none.	philosophy
Think of me as an impetuous Hegel, drunk with power, and also, regular drunk.	philosophy
On the whole human beings want to be good, but not too good, and not quite all the time.	philosophy
Only by examining our personal biases can we truly grow as artists; only by cultivating empathy can we truly grow as people.	philosophy
The ideas of the ruling class are in every epoch the ruling ideas, i.e. the class which is the ruling material force of society, is at the same time its ruling intellectual force. The class which has the means of material production at its disposal, has control at the same time over the means of mental production, so that thereby, generally speaking, the ideas of those who lack the means of mental production are subject to it. The ruling ideas are nothing more than the ideal expression of the dominant material relationships, the dominant material relationships grasped as ideas.	philosophy
I think it was the institution...I was trying to master it.	philosophy
While it was well within their powers to toy around with mortals like hapless puppets, deeper human workings remained elusive to them. The heart, the soul, the very foundation of man’s nature—those were mysteries to the gods, for all their manipulations.	philosophy
True happiness, we are told, consists in getting out of one's self; but the point is not only to get out - you must stay out; and to stay out you must have some absorbing errand.	philosophy
Those who make conversations impossible, make escalation inevitable.	philosophy
I was dead, and I hadn't even been able to attend my own funeral.	sarcasm
Time is what keeps things from happening all at once.	philosophy
He was a philosopher, if you know what that was.’ ‘A man who dreams of fewer things than there are in heaven and earth,’ said the Savage promptly. ‘Quite so…	philosophy
Need I say more?' 'No, because you're wrong, and I'd hate for you to keep embarrassing yourself.	sarcasm
The road ahead is long and there will be many setbacks. Success is not assured… but the price of failure has never been this high.	philosophy
As long as your ideas of what's possible are limited by what's actual, no other idea has a chance.	philosophy
But the fact that some geniuses were laughed at does not imply that all who are laughed at are geniuses. They laughed at Columbus, they laughed at Fulton, they laughed at the Wright brothers. But they also laughed at Bozo the Clown.	philosophy
She wished she had a set of greeting cards at the ready, but Hallmark probably didn’t make any that said Thank you for giving up your life so that me and my friends could escape! It was SO appreciated. XOXO!	sarcasm
The menu is not the meal.	philosophy
[On Jason Mashak's book SALTY AS A LIP, as reviewed in The Prague Post:] Mashak amalgamates various national, historical and religious traditions into a myth-mash that illuminates many sects' fanatical compartmentalizing, and the fact that so many religions and philosophies share similar goals, if not roots.	philosophy
if you want it really, you get it !!!	philosophy
"Unlike your mother,"" she said, exhaling, ""I told the culprit immediately. I thought at the very least he would visit me in the hospital after it was all done, but the son of a bitch sent me a get well card. Can you imagine? Serves me right for putting all my eggs in one bastard."	sarcasm
You can't always be right, but you can be wrong a lot less	philosophy
First of all, Buddhism is neither pessimistic nor optimistic. If anything at all, it is realistic, for it takes a realistic view of life and the world. It looks at things objectively (<em>yathābhūtam</em>). It does not falsely lull you into living in a fool's paradise, nor does it frighten and agonize you with all kinds of imaginary fears and sins. It tells you exactly and objectively what you are and what the world around you is, and shows you the way to perfect freedom, peace, tranquility and happiness.	philosophy
Women KNOW, we just know. Even if we didn't know, we would know. Men won't get this, but women will..because we KNOW	sarcasm
This is the secret of life: the self lives only by dying, finds its identity (and its happiness) only by self-forgetfulness, self-giving, self-sacrifice, and agape love.	philosophy
In the end, it is our defiance that redeems us. If wolves had a religion – if there was a religion of the wolf – that it is what it would tell us.	philosophy
With a sense of humor like that, you could make a living as a garbage man anywhere in the country.	sarcasm
A thought, no matter how small and forgotten, always has an eternal impact on the Cosmos. Most times, we can only see the material and just about beyond the immediate, but if we could trace this thought through all Creation... well, it would be a whole universe in itself.	philosophy
Identifying the flaw in the US philosophical roots requires that we move beyond the intellectual and emotional climate in which the Constitution was conceived and adopted. The meanings of concepts and words change with use, and even the Supreme Court has admitted that the original perspective of the American social contract has been altered by the passage of time.	philosophy
I'm good. And it's good to see you've kept up the tradition of getting the holy shit beat out of you,even when you're in a nice, civilized place.	sarcasm
The Encyclopedia--the advance artillery of reason, the armada of philosophy, the siege engine of the enlightenment...	philosophy
I discovered that it is necessary, absolutely necessary, to believe in nothing. That is, we have to believe in something which has no form and no color--something which exists before all forms and colors appear... No matter what god or doctrine you believe in, if you become attached to it, your belief will be based more or less on a self-centered idea.	philosophy
Philosophers are people who know less and less about more and more, until they know nothing about everything. Scientists are people who know more and more about less and less, until they know everything about nothing.	philosophy
[Y]our agricultural revolution is not an event like the Trojan War, isolated in the distant past and without relevance to your lives today. The work begun by those neolithic farmers in the Near East has been carried forward from one generation to the next without a single break, right into the present moment. It's the foundation of your vast civilization today in exactly the same way that it was the foundation of the very first farming village.	philosophy
[N]ow we have a clearer idea what this story is all about: The world was made for man, and man was made to rule it.	philosophy
It is now generally admitted, at any rate by philosophers, that the existence of a being having the attributes which define the god of any non-animistic religion cannot be demonstratively proved... [A]ll utterances about the nature of God are nonsensical.	philosophy
Paranormalists, however, insist that our minds are transmitters that, with special effort, can focus like lasers to communicate across great distances, and even make things happen. That may seem far-fetched, but it's also a definition of prayer.	philosophy
Historically, philosophy does not have an impressive track record of answering questions about natural world in a decisive manner.	philosophy
There isn't an end point to excellence where you have it and you can stop. Being your best self means keeping on trying.	philosophy
Humankind has accumulated generation upon generation of knowledge, the culmination of which is the vast and useful technological array we see everywhere in modern society. Despite this great accumulation of knowledge and technology, we still suffer from starvation and war. The difference between the past and the present is the difference between throwing rocks and shooting missiles. We are still in conflict. Suffering on a fundamental level hasn’t ceased. But we nevertheless persist in the notion that if we just amass a bit more knowledge, we’ll all be o.k. Maybe a new philosophy will do the trick, or a new system of government. But all of this has been tried many times.  Knowledge builds on the past and has its place. Wisdom is beyond time. It’s the direct perception of reality as it is. And in this direct seeing of what is lies the potential of transformation—a transformation that is not merely a redecoration of the past but a transformation of humanity that embodies the eternally new.	philosophy
"William James describes a man who got the experience from laughing-gas; whenever he was under its influence, he knew the secret of the universe, but when he came to, he had forgotten it. At last, with immense effort, he wrote down the secret before the vision had faded. When completely recovered, he rushed to see what he had written. It was: ""A smell of petroleum prevails throughout."	philosophy
America: It's a free country; that is if you can afford it.	sarcasm
Thank heaven for people who are satisfied with facts that conform to the reality they wish to believe.	philosophy
...an optimistic mind-set finds dozens of possible solutions for every problem that the pessimist regards as incurable.	philosophy
Of Equality--as if it harm'd me, giving others the same chances and rights as myself--as if it were not indispensable to my own rights that others possess the same.	philosophy
I Take Life Very Seriously: One Joke At A Time.	philosophy
We are seeds as well as parasites to the earth. We can either give or take, depending on our perception of growth.	philosophy
Wenn man nachts nicht schläft, werden Träume wahr.	philosophy
If you have reasons to love someone, you don’t love them.	philosophy
By now you must have guessed: I come from another planet. But I will never say to you, Take me to your leaders. Even I - unused to your ways though I am - would never make that mistake. We ourselves have such beings among us, made of cogs, pieces of paper, small disks of shiny metal, scraps of coloured cloth. I do not need to encounter more of them.  Instead I will say, Take me to your trees. Take me to your breakfasts, your sunsets, your bad dreams, your shoes, your nouns. Take me to your fingers; take me to your deaths.  These are worth it. These are what I have come for.	philosophy
It is not over. Champions extend their limits and make things happen.	philosophy
The time of the autumn floods came and the hundred streams poured into the Yellow River. … Then the Lord of the River was beside himself with Joy, believing that all the beauty in the world belonged to him alone.	philosophy
But here steps in Satan, the eternal rebel, the first freethinker and the emancipator of worlds. He makes man ashamed of his bestial ignorance and obedience; he emancipates him, stamps upon his brow the seal of liberty and humanity, in urging him to disobey and eat of the fruit of knowledge.	philosophy
There are these amazing little seeds called <em>compassion</em>.  You should grow some.	sarcasm
...only in the surrender of the light could the darkness prevail.	philosophy
Mortals are odd creatures in that sense—flawed yet hopeful. One can study them through millennia and still get nowhere near full understanding of their nature.	philosophy
Someone once told me that the finer points of devotion are about the size of a pinhole, and there are millions of them. And if you could connect each dot, then you’ve got a diagram of what you think you thought you knew, and if you’re willing to admit that you know nothing…you have the blueprint for a breakthrough.	philosophy
Life's managed, not cured.	philosophy
Step out of my sunlight.	philosophy
Smartass Disciple: Master, do you really believe in the second chance? Master of Stupidity: That supports the basis of lost-then-found concept.	philosophy
What one generation finds ridiculous, the next accepts; and the third shudders when it looks back on what the first did.	philosophy
And so these refined parents rejected their five-year-old girl to all kinds of torture. They beat her, kicked her, flogged her, for no reason that they themselves knew of. The child’s whole body was covered in bruises. Eventually they devised a new refinement. Under the pretext that the child dirtied her bed (as though a five-year-old deep in her angelic sleep could be punished for that), they forced her to eat excrement, smearing it all over her face. And it was the mother that did it! And that woman would lock her daughter up in the outhouse until morning and she did so even on the coldest nights, when it was freezing. Just imagine the woman being able to sleep with the child’s cries coming from that outhouse! Imagine that little creature, unable to even understand what is happening to her, beating her sore little chest with her tiny fist, weeping hot, unresentful, meek tears, and begging ‘gentle Jesus’ to help her…   ...let’s assume that you were called upon to build the edifice of human destiny so that men would finally be happy and would find peace and tranquility. If you knew that, only to attain this, you would have to torture just one single creature, let’s say the little girl who beat her chest so desperately in the outhouse, and that on her unavenged tears you could build that edifice, would you agree to do it?	philosophy
In any compromise between food and poison, it is only death that can win. In any compromise between good and evil, it is only evil that can profit.	philosophy
I also don't turn into a bat or sparkle in the sun. Hollywood's portrayal of vampires is almost as accurate as its portrayal of prostitution in Pretty Woman.	sarcasm
Have you ever noticed how ‘What the hell’ is always the right decision to make?	philosophy
The student is half afraid to meet one of the great philosophers face to face. He feels himself inadequate and thinks he will not understand him. But if he only knew, the great man, just because of his greatness, is much more intelligible than his modern commentator. The simplest student will be able to understand, if not all, yet a very great deal of what Plato said; but hardly anyone can understand some modern books on Platonism.	philosophy
Pity the nation that is full of beliefs and empty of religion.  Pity the nation that wears a cloth it does not weave  and eats a bread it does not harvest.   Pity the nation that acclaims the bully as hero,  and that deems the glittering conqueror bountiful.   Pity a nation that despises a passion in its dream,  yet submits in its awakening.   Pity the nation that raises not its voice  save when it walks in a funeral,  boasts not except among its ruins,  and will rebel not save when its neck is laid  between the sword and the block.   Pity the nation whose statesman is a fox,  whose philosopher is a juggler,  and whose art is the art of patching and mimicking   Pity the nation that welcomes its new ruler with trumpeting,  and farewells him with hooting,  only to welcome another with trumpeting again.   Pity the nation whose sages are dumb with years  and whose strongmen are yet in the cradle.   Pity the nation divided into fragments,  each fragment deeming itself a nation.	philosophy
I wasn't entirely sure, but a polite John Pritkin might be a sign of the apocalypse.	sarcasm
If you wish to make Pythocles rich, do not add to his store of money, but subtract from his desires.	philosophy
It is when those who are not strong enough have made some moderate amount of progress that they fail and give up...	philosophy
"I have a friend who's an artist and has sometimes taken a view which I don't agree with very well. He'll hold up a flower and say ""look how beautiful it is,"" and I'll agree. Then he says ""I as an artist can see how beautiful this is but you as a scientist take this all apart and it becomes a dull thing,"" and I think that he's kind of nutty. First of all, the beauty that he sees is available to other people and to me too, I believe. Although I may not be quite as refined aesthetically as he is ... I can appreciate the beauty of a flower. At the same time, I see much more about the flower than he sees. I could imagine the cells in there, the complicated actions inside, which also have a beauty. I mean it's not just beauty at this dimension, at one centimeter; there's also beauty at smaller dimensions, the inner structure, also the processes. The fact that the colors in the flower evolved in order to attract insects to pollinate it is interesting; it means that insects can see the color. It adds a question: does this aesthetic sense also exist in the lower forms? Why is it aesthetic? All kinds of interesting questions which the science knowledge only adds to the excitement, the mystery and the awe of a flower. It only adds. I don't understand how it subtracts."	philosophy
"The work of the philosophical policeman,"" replied the man in blue, ""is at once bolder and more subtle than that of the ordinary detective. The ordinary detective goes to pot-houses to arrest thieves; we go to artistic tea-parties to detect pessimists. The ordinary detective discovers from a ledger or a diary that a crime has been committed. We discover from a book of sonnets that a crime will be committed. We have to trace the origin of those dreadful thoughts that drive men on at last to intellectual fanaticism and intellectual crime. We were only just in time to prevent the assassination at Hartlepool, and that was entirely due to the fact that our Mr. Wilks (a smart young fellow) thoroughly understood a triolet."	philosophy
Marcus stepped behind the bar, saying, “Dan sent me over to assist you and learn how to tend the bar.”  Doms could be pain-in-the-ass mother hens.	sarcasm
There is no fate which cannot be surmounted by scorn.	philosophy
For wordsmiths and masters of words, without necessarily being harsh with words, the words have a tendency to shoot straight to the hearts of people, and this either deeply touches them or deeply angers them. Like the apostles in all their loving controversies are those who are masters of words while combining this gift with truth.	philosophy
If he was not exactly a Spartan, he was, you might say, spartanatical. Things happened to you; they were good,or they were bad - and that was the truth about everything.	philosophy
Every life is different because you passed this way and touched history.	philosophy
Run everything on a generator,” Haskel said. “Got to keep it a certain temperature for the stuff I carry. Not too cold. Not too hot. There’s shit in here, weather got wrong, it’d go off and blow our asses all the way to Mineola. Maybe out in the goddamned Gulf.”  “I don’t like to travel that far unless I got plane tickets and a steward in my lap,” Leonard said.  Haskel cut an eye toward Leonard. “You mean stewardess, don’t you?”  “I don’t think so,” Leonard said, and let Haskel churn that one over.	sarcasm
NIHILIST, n. A Russian who denies the existence of anything but Tolstoi. The leader of the school is Tolstoi.	philosophy
Everybody knows that Aristotelian two-value logic is fucked.	philosophy
You can believe in whatsoever you like, but the truth remains the truth, no matter how sweet the lie may taste.	philosophy
With a philosophy education, one can infuriate his peers, intimidate his date, think of obscure, unreliable ways to make money, and never regret a thing.	philosophy
A thing is only as great as the amount a person is willing to risk for it. If you are not willing to risk anything, then the thing mustn't be so great at all.	philosophy
I consider a dream like I consider a shadow,” answered Caeiro, with his usual divine, unexpected promptitude. “A shadow is real, but it’s less real than a rock. A dream is real — if it weren’t, it wouldn’t be a dream — but less real than a thing. That’s what being real is like.	philosophy
LORD ILLINGWORTH: The soul is born old but grows young. That is the comedy of life. MRS ALLONBY: And the body is born young and grows old. That is life's tragedy.	philosophy
Happy endings. *Groan*	sarcasm
When I say that I am convinced of these things I speak with too much pride. Far off, like a perfect pearl, one can see the city of God. It is so wonderful that it seems as if a child could reach it in a summer's day. And so a child could. But with me and such as me it is different. One can realise a thing in a single moment, but one loses it in the long hours that follow with leaden feet. It is so difficult to keep 'heights that the soul is competent to gain.' We think in eternity, but we move slowly through time; and how slowly time goes with us who lie in prison I need not tell again, nor of the weariness and despair that creep back into one's cell, and into the cell of one's heart, with such strange insistence that one has, as it were, to garnish and sweep one's house for their coming, as for an unwelcome guest, or a bitter master, or a slave whose slave it is one's chance or choice to be.	philosophy
...when he looks at Beauty in the only way that Beauty can be seen - only then will it become possible for him to give birth not to images of virtue (because he's in touch with no images), but to true virtue [arete] (because he is in touch with true Beauty). The love of the gods belongs to anyone who has given to true virtue and nourished it, and if any human being could become immortal, it would be he.	philosophy
Perhaps swimming was dancing under the water, he thought. To swim under lily pads seeing their green slender stalks wavering as you passed, to swim under upraised logs past schools of sunfish and bluegills, to swim through reed beds past wriggling water snakes and miniature turtles, to swim in small lakes, big lakes, Lake Michigan, to swim in small farm ponds, creeks, rivers, giant rivers where one was swept along easefully by the current, to swim naked alone at night when you were nineteen and so alone you felt like you were choking every waking moment, having left home for reasons more hormonal than rational; reasons having to do with the abstraction of the future and one's questionable place in the world of the future, an absurdity not the less harsh for being so widespread.	philosophy
But by the grace of God I am what I am: and his grace which was bestowed upon me was not in vain; but i laboured more abundantly than they all: yet not I, but the grace of God which was with me.	philosophy
The best place to store your weapons safely is in your enemy’s hands. It is in your best interest to be defenseless while your rulers have all the weapons. After all, the government knows what’s best for you.	sarcasm
If Relativity Theory kills our deepest convictions, why not start by finding out why we believed in them for millennia?	philosophy
I cannot teach anybody anything. I can only make them think	philosophy
You are a sick, sick man,” I told him. “Thank you,” Ben replied, looking modest.	sarcasm
It's a sad day for American Capitalism when a man can't fly a midget on a kite over central park.	philosophy
God is a philosophical black hole – the point where reason breaks down.	philosophy
Everything's just fucking <em>Disney</em> with you.	sarcasm
I'm probably 20 percent atheist and 80 percent agnostic. I don't think anyone really knows. You'll either find out or not when you get there, until then there's no point thinking about it.	philosophy
Mereka yang memimpin selalu lupa ketika dipimpin, seperti kupu-kupu dengan kepompong, lupa bahkan pada ulat sebagai asalnya.	philosophy
I have been accused of a habit of changing my opinions. I am not myself in any degree ashamed of having changed my opinions. What physicist who was already active in 1900 would dream of boasting that his opinions had not changed during the last half century? In science men change their opinions when new knowledge becomes available; but philosophy in the minds of many is assimilated rather to theology than to science. The kind of philosophy that I value and have endeavoured to pursue is scientific, in the sense that there is some definite knowledge to be obtained and that new discoveries can make the admission of former error inevitable to any candid mind. For what I have said, whether early or late, I do not claim the kind of truth which theologians claim for their creeds. I claim only, at best, that the opinion expressed was a sensible one to hold at the time when it was expressed. I should be much surprised if subsequent research did not show that it needed to be modified. I hope, therefore, that whoever uses this dictionary will not suppose the remarks which it quotes to be intended as pontifical pronouncements, but only as the best I could do at the time towards the promotion of clear and accurate thinking. Clarity, above all, has been my aim.	philosophy
The will of the people, moreover, practically means the will of the most numerous or the most active part of the people; the majority, or those who succeed in making themselves accepted as the majority; type people, consequently, may desire to oppress a part of their number; and precautions are as much needed against this as against any other abuse of power.	philosophy
Who the hell is that?! Some call her Satan. Others, Beelzebub. She goes by many names.	sarcasm
It was as if that great rush of anger had washed me clean, emptied me of hope, and, gazing up at the dark sky spangled with its signs and stars, for the first time, the first, I laid my heart open to the benign indifference of the universe. To feel it so like myself, indeed, so brotherly, made me realize that I'd been happy, and that I was happy still. For all to be accomplished, for me to feel less lonely, all that remained to hope was that on the day of my execution there should be a huge crowd of spectators and that they should greet me with howls of execration.	philosophy
"You know, Gilan, sarcasm isn't the lowest form of wit. It's not even wit at all."" -Halt"	sarcasm
"Omnia vincit amor"" - ""Love conquers all"	philosophy
It was a dance of masks and every mask was perfect because every mask was a real face and every face was a real mask so there was no mask and there was no face for there was but one dance in which there was but one mask but one true face which was the same and which was a thing without a name which changed and changed into itself over and over.	philosophy
Why' is a crooked letter and can't be made straight.	philosophy
Question for your life: If Socrates had a clone, would he advise that clone to know thy self, or to know myself, with myself in this case being himself?	philosophy
... every moment of our life has a purpose, that every action of ours, no matter how dull or routine or trivial it may seem in itself, has a dignity and a worth beyond human understanding... For it means that no moment can be wasted, no opportunity missed, since each has a purpose in man’s life, each has a purpose in God’s plan. Think of your day, today or yesterday. Think of the work you did, the people you met, moment by moment. What did it mean to you- and might it have meant for God? Is the question too simple to answer, or are we just afraid to ask it for fear of the answer we must give?	philosophy
You're just Little Miss Optimist, aren't you? Do you come with accessories, like a glass half full and lemons to make into lemonade, too?	sarcasm
Don’t only practice your art, but force your way into its secrets, for it and knowledge can raise men to the divine.	philosophy
Of course, supernatural acts are what miracles are all about. They are, after all, precisely those things that circumvent the laws of nature. A god who can create the laws of nature can presumably also circumvent them at will. Although why they would have been circumvented so liberally thousands of years ago, before the invention of modern communication instruments that could have recorded them, and not today, is still something to wonder about.	philosophy
People say everybody has a book inside them, so why not make your life a great story?	philosophy
When you've had one call after another and your little one is tugging on your shirt, remember what really matters. When the milk is splattered all over the floor and those little eyes are looking at you for your reaction, remember what really matters. It takes 5 minutes to clean up spilled milk; it takes much longer to clean up a broken spirit.	philosophy
As long as there is institutional inequality, hell, naw we can't all get along!	philosophy
Most men appear never to have considered what a house is, and are actually though needlessly poor all their lives because they think that they must have such a one as their neighbors have. As if one were to wear any sort of coat which the tailor might cut out for him, or gradually leaving off palm-leaf hat or cap of woodchuck skin, complain of hard times because he could not afford to buy him a crown! It is possible to invent a house still more convenient and luxurious than we have, which yet all would admit that man could not afford to pay for. Shall we always study to obtain more of these things, and not sometimes be content with less?	philosophy
I have a theory that as human beings get older, chemicals are released into the brain to prepare us for the end. Sort of like how the nurse lubes your ass up before the anus-cam. It makes the whole thing a lot easier to swallow. Easier, not enjoyable.	sarcasm
Take it easy, but take it.	philosophy
Seduced by the spectacular theoretical and practical successes of the objective sciences into thinking that the methods and criteria of those sciences were the only means to truth, philosophers sought to apply those same methods and criteria to questions relating to the meaning of life and the values that give meaning to life. Philosophy, especially the Analytical species prevalent in the English-speaking world, was broken up into specialized disciplines and fragmented into particular problems, all swayed and impregnated by scientism, reductionism, and relativism. All questions of meaning and value were consigned to the rubbish heap of 'metaphysical nonsense'.	philosophy
No one else can want for me. No one can substitute his act of will for mine. It does sometimes happen that someone very much wants me to want what he wants. This is the moment when the impassable frontier between him and me, which is drawn by free will, becomes most obvious. I may not want that which he wants me to want - and in this precisely I am incommunicabilis. I am, and I must be, independent in my actions. All human relationships are posited on this fact.	philosophy
So now you must choose... Are you a child who has not yet become world-weary? Or are you a philosopher who will vow never to become so? To children, the world and everything in it is new, something that gives rise to astonishment. It is not like that for adults. Most adults accept the world as a matter of course. This is precisely where philosophers are a notable exception. A philosopher never gets quite used to the world. To him or her, the world continues to seem a bit unreasonable - bewildering, even enigmatic. Philosophers and small children thus have an important faculty in common. The only thing we require to be good philosophers is the faculty of wonder…	philosophy
We love ourselves notwithstanding our faults, and we ought to love our friends in like manner.	philosophy
Of course there’s a risk that that could happen, but what is the alternative? To never allow myself to get close to anyone ever again? Never know the joy of loving someone for fear that it could end up in tears? My heart might stay safe, but it wouldn’t be much of a life.	philosophy
"It's funny, ma'am, how sometimes you're so sarcastic but it doesn't sting.""  ""Because of my dimples. Dimples are a get-out-of-jail-free card"	sarcasm
"You have made the moon,"" The Jester said. ""That is the moon."	philosophy
I'm very polite by nature, even the voices in my head let each other finish their sentences.	philosophy
We are born into this world unarmed - our mind is our only weapon.	philosophy
Kitalah planet yang hidup itu, Sophie! Kitalah kapal besar yang berlayar mengelilingi matahari yang membakar alam raya. Tapi kita masing-masing adalah juga sebuah kapal bermuatan gen-gen yang melayari kehidupan. Jika kita sudah membawa muatan ini dengan selamat ke pelabuhan berikut --berarti hidup kita tidak sia-sia.	philosophy
when somebody plays music, you listen. you just follow those sounds, and eventually you understand the music. the point can't be explained in words because music is not words, but after listening for a while, you understand the point of it, and that point is the music itself. in exactly the same way, you can listen to all experiences.	philosophy
Heard melodies are sweet, but those unheard, are sweeter	philosophy
The world has become sad because a puppet was once melancholy. The nihilist, that strange martyr who has no faith, who goes to the stake without enthusiasm, and dies for what he does not believe in, is a purely literary product. He was invented by Turgenev, and completed by Dostoevsky. Robespierre came out of the pages of Rousseau as surely as the People's Palace rose out debris of a novel. Literature always anticipates life. It does not copy it, but moulds it to its purpose.	philosophy
I can cook a mean hamburger. I can also cook a rude hamburger, and probably a sarcastic one, depending on how snarky the patty gets.	sarcasm
"Not bad, not bad at all,"" Diotallevi said. ""To arrive at the truth through the painstaking reconstruction of a false text."	philosophy
Nothing, to my way of thinking, is a better proof of a well ordered mind than a man’s ability to stop just where he is and pass some time in his own company.	philosophy
Things are not always what they seem; the first appearance deceives many; the intelligence of a few perceives what has been carefully hidden.	philosophy
Our ability to adapt is amazing. Our ability to change isn't quite as spectacular.	philosophy
We...sin not because we want what is evil, but because we want what isn't good enough.	philosophy
let the speaker speak truly and the judge decide justly.	philosophy
Who are you? No really. Way, way down deep. Who are you?	philosophy
I give 110% in love. If that seems absurd, just know that I used presidential voting machines to calculate that number. It's totally legit.	sarcasm
One's life has value so long as one attributes value to the life of others, by means of love, friendship, and compassion	philosophy
To be a philosopher, just reverse everything you have ever been told...and have a sense of humor doing it.	philosophy
In essence I find that the foundation of modern conservatism is driven by a clinging to God in fear of the world, whereas the foundation of modern liberalism is a clinging to the world in fear of God; albeit, the true foundation should be one's clinging to God in fear of God.	philosophy
Plato offers the amazing idea that contemplation of the way things really are is, in itself, a purifying process that can bring human beings into the only divinity there is.	philosophy
"Well, I think Leo's either going to learn a much needed lesson in social activity-- or go nuts and kill us all."" -Crash"	sarcasm
In so far as the culture industry arouses a feeling of well-being that the world is precisely in that order suggested by the culture industry, the substitute gratification which it prepares for human beings cheats them out of the same happiness which it deceitfully projects.	philosophy
As long as a man had the courage to reject what society told him to do, he could live life on his own terms. To what end? To be free. But free to what end? To read books, to write books, to think.	philosophy
"Well, bloody noses."" I hug his coat tighter. ""Those are definitely hot."	sarcasm
Look. If I touch you with this hand, I can remember touching you, but I can't prove I ever did. If reality is nothing more than what is in our mind...then what is the difference between this world and a dream?	philosophy
There is no unmoving mover behind the movement. It is only movement. It is not correct to say that life is moving, but life is movement itself. Life and movement are not two different things. In other words, there is no thinker behind the thought. Thought itself is the thinker. If you remove the thought, there is no thinker to be found.	philosophy
Be wiser than other people if you can; but do not tell them so.	philosophy
I’m not bipolar, I’ve just had a bipolar life foisted upon me.	sarcasm
"When I say ""The good man gave his good dog a good meal,"" I use ""good"" analogically, for there is at the same time a similarity and a difference between a good man, a good dog, and a good meal. All three are desirable, but a good man is wise and moral, a good dog is tame and affectionate, and a good meal is tasty and nourishing. But a good man is not tasty and nourishing, except to a cannibal; a good dog is not wise and moral, except in cartoons, and a good meal is not tame and affectionate, unless it's alive as you eat it."	philosophy
Now, my own suspicion is that the universe is not only queerer than we suppose, but queerer than we can suppose. I have read and heard many attempts at a systematic account of it, from materialism and theosophy to the Christian system or that of Kant, and I have always felt that they were much too simple. I suspect that there are more things in heaven and earth that are dreamed of, or can be dreamed of, in any philosophy. That is the reason why I have no philosophy myself, and must be my excuse for dreaming.	philosophy
A poet is not an apostle; he drives out devils only by the power of the devil.	philosophy
It is hard enough to remember my opinions, without also remembering my reasons for them!	philosophy
The warrior learns of the spiritual realm by dwelling on the cutting edge of the sword, standing at the edge of the fire pit, venturing right up to the edge of starvation if necessary. Vibrant and intense living is the warrior's form of worship.	philosophy
€7,500, first-class, everything—and all that for 40 minutes selling them some old stuff.	philosophy
The cosmos is within us. We are made of star-stuff. We are a way for the universe to know itself.	philosophy
I know that pain is the most important thing in the universes. Greater than survival, greater than love, greater even than the beauty it brings about. For without pain, there can be no pleasure. Without sadness, there can be no happiness. Without misery there can be no beauty. And without these, life is endless, hopeless, doomed and damned.  Adult. You have become adult.	philosophy
Be like water making its way through cracks. Do not be assertive, but adjust to the object, and you shall find a way around or through it. If nothing within you stays rigid, outward things will disclose themselves.   Empty your mind, be formless. Shapeless, like water. If you put water into a cup, it becomes the cup. You put water into a bottle and it becomes the bottle. You put it in a teapot, it becomes the teapot. Now, water can flow or it can crash. Be water, my friend.	philosophy
All that exists is just and unjust and is equally justified in both respects.	philosophy
Grammar and ordinary language are bad guides to metaphysics. A great book might be written showing the influence of syntax on philosophy.	philosophy
"Amy, Dan, and Nellie were sitting at a table in a conference room, examining reproductions of Franklin documents-some so rare, the librarians told her, the only copies existed in Paris.  ""Yeah, here's a rare grocery list,"" Dan muttered. ""Wow."	sarcasm
We’re built of contradictions, all of us. It’s those opposing forces that give us strength, like an arch, each block pressing the next. Give me a man whose parts are all aligned in agreement and I’ll show you madness. We walk a narrow path, insanity to each side. A man without contradictions to balance him will soon veer off.	philosophy
I am sitting with a philosopher in the garden; he says again and again 'I know that that’s a tree', pointing to a tree that is near us. Someone else arrives and hears this, and I tell him: 'This fellow isn’t insane. We are only doing philosophy.	philosophy
Ich lehre euch den Übermenschen. Der Mensch ist Etwas, das überwunden werden soll. Was habt ihr gethan, ihn zu überwinden? Was ist der Affe für en Menschen? Ein Gelächter oder eine schmerzliche Scham. Und ebendas soll der Mensch für den Übermenschen sein: ein Gelächter oder eine schmerzliche Scham. Ihr habt den Weg vom Wurme zum Menschen gemacht, und Vieles ist in euch noch Wurm. Einst wart ihr Affen, und auch jetzt ist der Mensch mehr Affe, als irgend ein Affe.	philosophy
The fundament upon which all our knowledge and learning rests is the inexplicable.	philosophy
In philosophy class I think we finally decided that 'good' is an infinitely recursive term - it can't be defined except in terms of itself. Good is good because it's better than bad, though why it's better to be good than bad depends on how you define good, and on and on.	philosophy
He said, “If God lived on Earth people would stalk his Facebook page and leave nasty comments on his Pinterest site.” Then it sunk in- timing was everything and social media was the devil.	sarcasm
Never say no to now	philosophy
it's a losing battle at this point,but so was the alamo	sarcasm
When the Aggregates arise, decay and die, O bhikkhu, every moment you are born, decay, and die.	philosophy
It is evident as a matter of logic that, since they (world religions) disagree, not more than one of them can be true.	philosophy
"When we are shown scenes of starving children in Africa, with a call for us to do something to help them, the underlying ideological message is something like: ""Don't think, don't politicize, forget about the true causes of their poverty, just act, contribute money, so that you will not have to think!"	philosophy
I'm not frightened. I'm not frightened of anything. The more I suffer, the more I love. Danger will only increase my love. It will sharpen it, forgive its vice. I will be the only angel you need. You will leave life even more beautiful than you entered it. Heaven will take you back and look at you and say: Only one thing can make a soul complete and that thing is love.	philosophy
Like a wild animal, the soul is tough, resilient, resourceful, savvy, and self-sufficient: it knows how to survive in hard places. I learned about these qualities during my bouts with depression. In that deadly darkness, the faculties I had always depended on collapsed. My intellect was useless; my emotions were dead; my will was impotent; my ego was shattered. But from time to time, deep in the thickets of my inner wilderness, I could sense the presence of something that knew how to stay alive even when the rest of me wanted to die. That something was my tough and tenacious soul.	philosophy
Believe in the wonderment of life, the magic of love, and the reality of death.	philosophy
When we die, as when the scenes have been fixed on to celluloid and the scenery is pulled down and burnt — we are phantoms in the memories of our descendants. Then we are ghosts, my dear, then we are myths. But still we are together. We are the past together, we are a distant past. Beneath the dome of the mysterious stars, I still hear your voice.	philosophy
Show me that I m everywhere and get me home for tea.	philosophy
"So what were your favorite subjects in school?""  ""School?"" He leaned back in his chair as though he needed the extra space to think about it. ""Probably math. It always made sense. Unlike English, economics, and girls.""  ""And exactly how do you plan on taking over the free world if you don't understand economics?""  ""I'll hire advisers. I'll hire you, in fact.""  ""Okay. Let me know when your army of junior high zombies is ready."	sarcasm
...you're either gonna spend your life fucking pussy, or taking it to church.	philosophy
God has abandoned you. Fear does not serve you. Your heart has betrayed you. Only the music can guide you.	philosophy
One of the professors told me last week that he feels bad teaching with the way the economy is now. ‘What’s the point?’ he said. ‘Kids aren’t getting jobs.’ You never hear faculty talk that way. He did.	philosophy
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a hard battle.	philosophy
If a man has character, he has also his typical experience, which always recurs.	philosophy
Everything is good as it comes from the hands of the Maker of the world, but degenerates once it gets into the hands of man	philosophy
The present convergence of crises––in money, energy, education, health, water, soil, climate, politics, the environment, and more––is a birth crisis, expelling us from the old world into a new.	philosophy
The truth always carries the ambiguity of the words used to express it.	philosophy
One does what one is; one becomes what one does.	philosophy
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.	philosophy
Some years ago I was struck by the large number of falsehoods that I had accepted as true in my childhood, and by the highly doubtful nature of the whole edifice that I had subsequently based on them. I realized that it was necessary, once in the course of my life, to demolish everything completely and start again right from the foundations if I wanted to establish anything at all in the sciences that was stable and likely to last.	philosophy
You and I are part of the colony of heaven. Right now, we may reside here on earth, but our passport indicates that our citizenship is in heaven. We are <em>on</em> the earth, but not <em>of</em> the earth.	philosophy
I know how men in exile feed on dreams of hope.	philosophy
Imagine that one day you are out for a walk in the woods. Suddenly you see a small spaceship on the path in front of you. A tiny Martian climbs out the spaceship and stands on the ground looking up at you… What would you think? Never mind, it’s not important. But have you ever given any thought to the fact that you are a Martian yourself? It is obviously unlikely that you will ever stumble upon a creature from another planet. We do not even know that there is life on other planets. But you might stumble upon yourself one day. You might suddenly stop short and see yourself in a completely new light. On just such a walk in the woods.  I am an extraordinary being, you think. I am a mysterious creature. You feel as if you are waking from an enchanted slumber. Who am I? you ask. You know that you are stumbling around on a planet in the universe. But what is the universe? If you discover yourself in this manner you will have discovered something as mysterious as the Martian we just mentioned. You will not only have seen a being from outer space. You will feel deep down that you are yourself an extraordinary being.	philosophy
The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference.	philosophy
Share your love, share you happiness, care for others; your wealth will be endless.	philosophy
"Right. That's twenty-two fifty."" ""Twenty-two fifty?"" We can't hide our exasperation. ""Well, yeah - this is a classy joint, you know."" ""That's obvious - the service is incredible."	sarcasm
This is the Modern Man. The man who seeks himself without ever seeking, because he does not want to find; The man who does not hesitate to criticize the other, although he behaves in the same way;	philosophy
Philosophy ought to question the basic assumptions of the age. Thinking through, critically and carefully, what most of us take for granted is, I believe, the chief task of philosophy, and the task that makes philosophy a worthwhile activity.	philosophy
Normally ghosts didn't scare him. (Assuming, of course, Gaea hadn't encased them in shells of stone and turned them into killing machines. That had been a new one for him.)	sarcasm
The time of a man's life is as a point; the substance of it ever flowing, the sense obscure; and the whole composition of the body tending to corruption. His soul is restless, fortune uncertain, and fame doubtful; to be brief, as a stream so are all things belonging to the body; as a dream, or as a smoke, so are all that belong unto the soul. Our life is a warfare, and a mere pilgrimage. Fame after life is no better than oblivion. What is it then that will adhere and follow? Only one thing, philosophy. And philosophy doth consist in this, for a man to preserve that spirit which is within him, from all manner of contumelies and injuries, and above all pains or pleasures; never to do anything either rashly, or feignedly, or hypocritically: only to depend from himself, and his own proper actions: all things that happen unto him to embrace contentendly, as coming from Him from whom he himself also came; and above all things, with all meekness and a calm cheerfulness, to expect death, as being nothing else but the resolution of those elements, of which every creature is composed. And if the elements themselves suffer nothing by their perpetual conversion of one into another, that dissolution, and alteration, which is so common unto all, why should it be feared by any? Is not this according to nature? But nothing that is according to nature can be evil.	philosophy
Misconceptions play a prominent role in my view of the world.	philosophy
Oh my Valentine! I was waiting for you next to my wide open window just as a flower bud waits for the spring air to bloom.	philosophy
The positivists have a simple solution: the world must be divided into that which we can say clearly and the rest, which we had better pass over in silence. But can anyone conceive of a more pointless philosophy, seeing that what we can say clearly amounts to next to nothing? If we omitted all that is unclear, we would probably be left completely uninteresting and trivial tautologies.	philosophy
A person whose desires and impulses are his own—are the expression of his own nature, as it has been developed and modified by his own culture—is said to have a character. One whose desires and impulses are not his own, has no character, no more than a steam-engine has character…	philosophy
Leaving your religion and having to invent your own system of values is a big deal, after all.	philosophy
Be the change that you wish to see in the world.	philosophy
If we wish to draw philosophical conclusions about our own existence, our significance, and the significance of the universe itself, our conclusions should be based on empirical knowledge. A truly open mind means forcing our imaginations to conform to the evidence of reality, and not vice versa, whether or not we like the implications.	philosophy
También le he visto a usted. Ozzera. Crispin. ¿Verdad? Christian-corrigió Lissa	sarcasm
A slinky is a toy made for stairs, but that’s entirely too tiresome. What about a toy for escalators that doesn’t move and does nothing and that’s the whole point? I think Americans would relate to and embrace that mentality.	sarcasm
You’re still a little shy, I see, the wizard noted. I think if you ignore evil, my friend, it tends to grow stronger. (Quinhelm, the wizard - from BRIGGEN)	philosophy
The premise of the Taker story is 'the world belongs to man'. … The premise of the Leaver story is 'man belongs to the world'.	philosophy
Of course there is no formula for success, except perhaps an unconditional acceptance of life, and what it brings	philosophy
It is an ironic habit of human beings to run faster when they have lost their way.	philosophy
Death is never an excuse to stop living.	philosophy
To be, or not to be: what a question!	philosophy
In the beginner’s mind there are many possibilities, but in the expert’s there are few	philosophy
If you don't want anyone to know about your existence, you might as well kill yourself. You're taking up space, air.	philosophy
When a man learns to love, he must bear the risk of hatred.	philosophy
"Truth, says instrumentalism, is what works out, that which does what you expect it to do. The judgment is true when you can ""bank"" on it and not be disappointed. If, when you predict, or when you follow the lead of your idea or plan, it brings you to the ends sought for in the beginning, your judgment is true. It does not consist in agreement of ideas, or the agreement of ideas with an outside reality; neither is it an eternal something which always is, but it is a name given to ways of thinking which get the thinker where he started. As a railroad ticket is a ""true"" one when it lands the passenger at the station he sought, so is an idea ""true,"" not when it agrees with something outside, but when it gets the thinker successfully to the end of his intellectual journey.   Truth, reality, ideas and judgments are not things that stand out eternally ""there,"" whether in the skies above or in the earth beneath; but they are names used to characterize certain vital stages in a process which is ever going on, the process of creation, of evolution. In that process we may speak of reality, this being valuable for our purposes; again, we may speak of truth; later, of ideas; and still again, of judgments; but because we talk about them we should not delude ourselves into thinking we can handle them as something eternally existing as we handle a specimen under the glass.   Such a conception of truth and reality, the instrumentalist believes, is in harmony with the general nature of progress. He fails to see how progress, genuine creation, can occur on any other theory on theories of finality, fixity, and authority; but he believes that the idea of creation which we have sketched here gives man a vote in the affairs of the universe, renders him a citizen of the world to aid in the creation of valuable objects in the nature of institutions and principles, encourages him to attempt things ""unattempted yet in prose or rhyme,"" inspires him to the creation of ""more stately mansions,"" and to the forsaking of his ""low vaulted past."" He believes that the days of authority are over, whether in religion, in rulership, in science, or in philosophy; and he offers this dynamic universe as a challenge to the volition and intelligence of man, a universe to be won or lost at man’s option, a universe not to fall down before and worship as the slave before his master, the subject before his king, the scientist before his principle, the philosopher before his system, but a universe to be controlled, directed, and recreated by man’s intelligence."	philosophy
What does it matter where my body happens to be?' he said. 'My mind goes on working all the same.	philosophy
We have now sunk to a depth at which restatement of the obvious is the first duty of intelligent men.	philosophy
It goes without saying that these effects do not suffice to annul the necessity for a “change of terrain.” It also goes without saying that the choice between these two forms of deconstruction cannot be simple and unique. A new writing must weave and interlace these two motifs of deconstruction. Which amounts to saying that one must speak several languages and produce several texts at once. I would like to point out especially that the style of the first deconstruction is mostly that of the Heideggerian questions, and the other is mostly the one which dominates France today. I am purposely speaking in terms of a dominant style: because there are also breaks and changes of terrain in texts of the Heideggerian type; because the “change of terrain” is far from upsetting the entire French landscape to which I am referring; because what we need, perhaps, as Nietzsche said, is a change of “style”; and if there is style, Nietzsche reminded us, it must be plural.	philosophy
I don’t know what you’re talking about, but any organization that claims you for a member doesn’t get to call itself sinister, whether you’re left-handed or not. I would be insulted to be offered membership in such a namby-pamby organization. It would be like the Archbishop of Canterbury calling a select club of his compatriots ‘Bad, Bad Bishops’.”  Marshall sniggered.  “Watch out for the clergy,” Edward said. “They’re absolutely wild. Sometimes they have an extra biscuit at tea.	sarcasm
Sometimes the only way to succeed is to fail backwards	philosophy
I BELIEVE EVERYONE IS SPECIAL . . .   BUT SOME PEOPLE THINK . .  . . IT'S JUST ANOTHER WAY OF SAYING NO-ONE IS	sarcasm
Yesterday misspent can't be recall'd Vanity makes beauty contemptible Wisdom is more valuable than riches.	philosophy
When the writing is good, a book becomes a mirror. The reader will see an uncanny familiarity and respond accordingly.	philosophy
Would Crazy Horse have spent this much to remodel a kitchen?	philosophy
Islam deals not only with what man must and must not do, but also with what he needs to know. In other words, Islam is both a way of acting and doing things and a way of knowing.	philosophy
Fault always lies in the same place: with him weak enough to lay blame.	philosophy
There isnt always an explanation for everything.	philosophy
War means fighting. The business of the soldier is to fight. Armies are not called out to dig trenches, to throw up breastworks, to live in camps, but to find the enemy and strike him; to invade his country, and do him all possible damage in the shortest possible time. This will involve great destruction of life and property while it lasts; but such a war will of necessity be of brief continuance, and so would be an economy of life and property in the end.	philosophy
Fine. Okay. I killed her. But I didn’t mean to. And I didn’t kill her, kill her.” “Oh, I see. As long as you didn’t kill her, kill her, then that’s okay.	sarcasm
"Sascha nodded. ""Want me to wait?""  ""Do I want my mate to wait in a deserted forest while a dangerous Psy fugitive remains on the loose? Wait, let me think.""  ""Sarcasm does not suit you."" She kissed him again, laughter in her eyes."	sarcasm
Wise men speak because they have something to say; fools because they have to say something.	philosophy
What we cannot bear removes us from life; what remains can be borne.	philosophy
In some remote corner of the universe, poured out and glittering among innumerable solar systems, there once was a star on which clever animals invented knowledge.	philosophy
Reason is the power or capacity whereby we see or detect logical relationships among propositions.	philosophy
Why do you haunt me? You, like a tattoo on my tongue, like the bay leaf at the bottom of every pan. You who sprawled out beside me and sang my horoscope to a Schubert symphony, something about travel and money again, and we lay there, both of our breaths bad, both of our underwear dangling elastic, and then you turned toward me with a gaze like two matches, putting the horoscope aside, you traced my buried ribs with your index finger, lingered at my collarbone, admiring it as one might a flying buttress, murmuring: Nice clavicle. And me, too new at it and scared, not knowing what to say, whispering: You should see my ten-speed.	sarcasm
One must reach out and try to grasp this astonishing finesse, that the value of lif cannot be estimated.	philosophy
Truth is not as pompous and romantic as myth ... but it has the immeasurable value of being the Truth.	philosophy
Mma Ramotswe had listened to a World Service broadcast on her radio one day which had simply taken her breath away. It was about philosophers who called themselves existentialists and who, as far as Mma Ramotswe could ascertain, lived in France. These French people said that you should just live in a way which made you feel real, and that the real thing to do was the right thing too. Mma Ramotswe had listened in astonishment. You did not have to go to France to meet existentialists, she reflected; there were many existentialists right here in Botswana. Note Mokoti, for example. She had been married to an existentialist herself, without even knowing it. Note, that selfish man who never once put himself out for another--not even for his wife--would have approved of existentialists, and they of him. It was very existentialist, perhaps, to go out to bars every night while your pregnant wife stayed at home, and even more existentialist to go off with girls--young existentialist girls--you met in bars. It was a good life being an existentialist, although not too good for all the other, nonexistentialist people around one.	philosophy
Dearest love, let me count the ways. Dismemberment, garroted, poisoned, drowned, named. I read that as soon as a species is named it begins its travels up the endangered list. Discovery meaning death.	sarcasm
I don’t know whether this world has a meaning that transcends it. But I know that I cannot know that meaning and that it is impossible for me just now to know it.	philosophy
If you've got the truth you can demonstrate it. Talking doesn't prove it.	philosophy
Laughter is the antidote to existential pain	philosophy
If your dreams are to hard to achieve, just achieve	philosophy
"Isn't wine prohibited here?"" the boy asked. ""It's not what enters men's mouths that's evil,"" said the alchemist. ""It's what comes out of their mouths that is."	philosophy
"She washed he hands,then looked at my side. ""you haven't even had it stitched?"" She said incredulously.  ""I've been rather busy,"" I said. ""With the running like hell and hiding all night."	sarcasm
There's nothing like a headless corpse to bring a touch of excitement into one's life.	sarcasm
People will not remember what you did for living, they will remember how you touched them with kindness and loving.	philosophy
Close your eyes to see the world with your imaginative mind.	philosophy
Nature, it seems, is the popular name for milliards and milliards and milliards of particles playing their infinite game of billiards and billiards and billiards.	philosophy
"Murderous thieves make their home here."" She failed to keep the tremor from her voice.  ""Absolutely,"" Jonas replied. ""Dangerous animals too."" ""Without a doubt."" She slanted a look toward him. ""Perfect place for you."" He repressed a snort. ""Oh, such compliments, your highness. You're going to make me blush."	sarcasm
In life man commits himself and draws his own portrait, outside of which there is nothing. No doubt this thought may seem harsh to someone who has not made a success of his life. But on the other hand, it helps people to understand that reality alone counts, and that dreams, expectations and hopes only serve to define a man as a broken dream, aborted hopes, and futile expectations.	philosophy
I believe in spectacles, but I think eyes necessary too.	philosophy
When I was a boy, I would read those postcards and know exactly why my father was doing what he was doing: he was taking a stab at greatness, that is, if greatness is simply another word for doing something different from what you were already doing--or maybe greatness is the thing we want to have so that other people will want to have us, or maybe greatness is merely the grail for our unhappy, striving selves, the thing we think we need but don't and can't get anyway.	philosophy
Socrates: This man, on one hand, believes that he knows something, while not knowing [anything]. On the other hand, I – equally ignorant – do not believe [that I know anything].	philosophy
TO the States or any one of them, or any city of the States, Resist much, obey little,  Once unquestioning obedience, once fully enslaved, Once fully enslaved, no nation, state, city of this earth, ever after-ward resumes its liberty.	philosophy
Accustom yourself to the belief that death is of no concern to us, since all good and evil lie in sensation and sensation ends with death. Therefore the true belief that death is nothing to us makes a mortal life happy, not by adding to it an infinite time, but by taking away the desire for immortality. For there is no reason why the man who is thoroughly assured that there is nothing to fear in death should find anything to fear in life. So, too, he is foolish who says that he fears death, not because it will be painful when it comes, but because the anticipation of it is painful; for that which is no burden when it is present gives pain to no purpose when it is anticipated. Death, the most dreaded of evils, is therefore of no concern to us; for while we exist death is not present, and when death is present we no longer exist. It is therefore nothing either to the living or to the dead since it is not present to the living, and the dead no longer are.	philosophy
My whole day has been a unicorn ride through a field of rainbows	sarcasm
Your principle should be to see everything and say nothing. The world changes so rapidly that if you want to get on you cannot afford to align yourself with any person or point of view.	philosophy
Rice-a-Roni: The San Francisco treat...  ...the other treat, of course, being anal penetration.	philosophy
If we try to measure Now, we find it's always gone, has become part of the past.	philosophy
"He shook his head,'Fuck, you say such fucking weird things.' 'Is that still your favourite word?' asked Isola interestedly, 'I like ""verisimilitude"". Tolkein said the most beautiful English phrase is ""cellar door"","	sarcasm
Even if you are alone you wage war with yourself.	philosophy
If then, Moses so distinctly announces that there is in us not only a faculty, but also a facility for keeping all commandments, why are we sweating so much? ... What need is there now of Christ or of Spirit? We have found a passage that asserts freedom of choice, but also distinctly teaches that the keeping of the commandments is easy.	sarcasm
I have a black belt in sarcasm, and my wit is like lightning.	sarcasm
You’re supposed to pinch yourself – not the one you’re dreaming about.	sarcasm
The freedom of an unscheduled afternoon brought confusion rather than joy. Julius had always been focused. When he was not seeing patients, other important projects and activities-writing, teaching, tennis, research-clamored for his attention. But today nothing seemed important. He suspected that nothing had ever been important, that his mind had arbitrarily imbued projects with importance and then cunningly covered its traces. Today he saw through the ruse of a lifetime. Today there was nothing important to do, and he ambled aimlessly down Union Street.	philosophy
I wanted that future officer to weigh decisions with a supple mind and to be comfortable with nuance and uncertainty.	philosophy
"the [coat] rack above his head like a javelin. On the other side of the door was Jace. He blinked. ""Is that a coatrack?"" Jordan slammed the coatrack down on the ground and sighed. ""If you'd been a vampire, this would have been a lot more useful."" ""Yes,"" said Jace. ""Or, you know, just someone with a lot of coats."	sarcasm
"At least that left hope for him. Except ""Beauty and the Geek"" wasn’t exactly the proper translation of the popular fairy tale."	sarcasm
Mathilde returned and strolled past the drawing-room windows; she saw him busily engaged in describing to Madame de Fervaques the old ruined castles that crown the steep banks of the Rhine and give them so distinctive a character. He was beginning to acquit himself none too badly in the use of the sentimental and picturesque language which is called <em>wit</em> in certain drawing-rooms.	sarcasm
To the untutored sage, the concentration of population was the prolific mother of all evils, moral no less than physical. He argued that food is good, while surfeit kills; that love is good, but lust destroys; and not less dreaded than the pestilence following upon crowded and unsanitary dwellings was the loss of spiritual power inseparable from too close contact with one's fellow-men.	philosophy
We do not create life, we create death.	philosophy
Love is my inner strength and my power.	philosophy
The world is a good judge of things, for it is in natural ignorance, which is man's true state. The sciences have two extremes which meet. The first is the pure natural ignorance in which all men find themselves at birth. The other extreme is that reached by great intellects, who, having run through all that men can know, find they know nothing, and come back again to that same ignorance from which they set out; but this is a learned ignorance which is conscious of itself. Those between the two, who have departed from natural ignorance and not been able to reach the other, have some smattering of this vain knowledge and pretend to be wise. These trouble the world and are bad judges of everything. The people and the wise constitute the world; these despise it, and are despised. They judge badly of everything, and the world judges rightly of them.	philosophy
Festus just detected a large group of eagles behind us—long-range radar, still not in sight.” Piper leaned over the console. “Are you sure they’re Roman?” Leo rolled his eyes. “No, Pipes. It could be a random group of giant eagles flying in perfect formation. Of course they’re Roman!	sarcasm
This world, in which reason is more and more at home, is not habitable. It is hard and cold like those depots in which are piled up goods that cannot satisfy: neither clothe those who are naked, nor feed those who are hungry; it is as impersonal as factory hangars and industrial cities in which manufactured things remain abstract, true with statistical truth and borne on the anonymous circuit of the economy, resulting from skilful planning decisions which cannot prevent, but prepare disasters. There it is, the mind in its masculine essence, living on the outside, exposed to the violent, blinding sun, to the trade winds that beat against it and beat it down, on a land without folds, rootless, solitary and wandering and thus already alienated by the very things which it caused to be produced and which remain untameable and hostile.	philosophy
It’s an already inside outside, The philosophers say it’s the soul But it’s not the soul: it’s the animal or the man itself In its way of existing.	philosophy
Morality can provide at most only a severely limited and insufficient answer to the question of how a person should live.	philosophy
Maybe sometimes we don't do the right thing because the wrong thing looks more dangerous, and we don't want to look scared, so we go and do the wrong thing just because it's dangerous. We're more concerned with not looking scared than with judging right.	philosophy
Some concepts are so incredibly risky they take an honest fool to try to articulate them.	philosophy
The actuality of us being cognizant and accepting of the fact we are but a speck of sand in a universe sized desert, whose existence is irrelevant to any facet of universal function is a hard pill to swallow. Knowing the world will go on for another billion years after death and you will have no recollection of anything, just as you have no recollection of the billion years before your birth is a mind-boggling intuition,	philosophy
From 'the lesson of the moth':  and before i could argue him out of his philosophy he went and immolated himself on a patent cigar lighter i do not agree with him myself i would rather have half the happiness and twice the longevity  but at the same time i wish there was something i wanted as badly as he wanted to fry himself	philosophy
"We came around the corner and stood in the doorway of what looked like a paint-testing ground. This was where we proved once and for all that we were good loving parents. We decided to let him live. ""What is painting doing in my best Tupperware bowl?"" I yelled. ""Well, I needed something lightweight I could carry around with me,"" he began. ""You've been carrying around a brain for year,"" the boy's father said."	sarcasm
Cinta memperindah hidup kita sebab pengalaman cinta pada dasarnya indah dan memperindah seluruh semesta. Mencintai seseorang atau sesuatu berarti mengabdikan yang tidak abadi, memuliakan yang tidak bermoral, meninggikan yang rendah, dan memperindah yang buruk rupa. Apapun yang terlihat oleh mata yang menatap penuh cinta selalu kelihatan cantik, selalu indah di mata - Pitirim Sorokin	philosophy
Don’t reject something just because it seems strange. It’s comfort that will kill you in the end.	philosophy
Life—the way it really is—is a battle not between good and bad, but between bad and worse	philosophy
One has to take a somewhat bold and dangerous line with this existence: especially as, whatever happens, we are bound to lose it.	philosophy
... the most important concept ever put forth was that matter, ALL matter, with no exceptions from stone to star to starfish to student to sovereign, is as divine as all else in the cosmos, for all flows from Consciousness, the Word that came before the World - and all, in time, will flow back.	philosophy
One of the greatest tragedies in life is to lose your own sense of self and accept the version of you that is expected by everyone else.	philosophy
To find love, be loving first.	philosophy
One says the things which one feels the need to say, and which the other will not understand: one speaks for oneself alone.	philosophy
Violence is spiritual junk food, and boredom is spiritual anorexia.	philosophy
I once saw you in a tuxedo and all I wanted to do is eat.	sarcasm
Do you know what punishments I've endured for my crimes, my sins? None. I am proof of the absurdity of men's most treasured abstractions. A just universe wouldn't tolerate my existence.	philosophy
Serious thinkers are few, and the world is ruled by crude ideas.	philosophy
"He sure told you off, huh, Icy?"" ~Darcy"	sarcasm
Quis custodiet ipsos custodes? - Who watches the watchmen?	philosophy
And this is the forbidden truth, the unspeakable taboo - that evil is not always repellent but frequently attractive; that it has the power to make of us not simply victims, as nature and accident do, but active accomplices.	philosophy
There's only one rule that I know of, babies—God damn it, you've got to be kind.	philosophy
This causation exists as a streamed organization of constantly fluid potential. Anything that can be must first hold the streaming potential to be. It is soul.  It is always potential. It is never static. It is never rigid. Its essence is all these, which means it can not be anything other and be the Primal Cause. It is never nothing. Nothing does not exist with it. It is something. It is anything. It is everything. At the same time! Just like your consciousness. Pure Unordered Potential!	philosophy
Maybe each human being lives in a unique world, a private world different from those inhabited and experienced by all other humans. . . If reality differs from person to person, can we speak of reality singular, or shouldn't we really be talking about plural realities? And if there are plural realities, are some more true (more real) than others? What about the world of a schizophrenic? Maybe it's as real as our world. Maybe we cannot say that we are in touch with reality and he is not, but should instead say, His reality is so different from ours that he can't explain his to us, and we can't explain ours to him. The problem, then, is that if subjective worlds are experienced too differently, there occurs a breakdown in communication ... and there is the real illness.	philosophy
Look, girls know when they’re cute,” he said. “You don’t have to tell them. All they need to do is look in the mirror. I have one friend out in New York, an attorney. She moved out there after the school year to take the bar. She doesn’t have a job. I was like, ‘How are you going to get a job there in this market?’ And she’s like, ‘I’ll wink and I’ll smile.’ She’s a pretty girl. Whether that works despite her poor grades is yet to be seen.	philosophy
Only God may be adored, because only God is unlimited goodness, truth, and beauty, and thus only God deserves unlimited love.	philosophy
"It's a philosophical minefield!""  Cabal had a brief mental image of Aristotle walking halfway across an open field before unexpectedly disappearing in a fireball. Descartes and Nietzsche looked on appalled. He pulled himself together."	philosophy
You know how the tightrope guy at the circus wants everyone to believe his act is an art, but deep down you can see that he's really just hoping he makes it all the way across?	philosophy
We hold the future still timidly, but perceive it for the first time as a function of our own action.	philosophy
The stone that was rolled before Christ's tomb might appropriately be called the philosopher's stone because its removal gave not only the pharisees but, now for 1800 years, the philosophers so much to think about.	philosophy
A photograph shouldn't be just a picture, it should be a philosophy.	philosophy
Want less, live more	philosophy
Always ask the questions you want to, life is too short to know if you'll get a second chance to ask , and afterlife is probably too long to wonder what the answer may be.	philosophy
In an earlier stage of our development most human groups held to a tribal ethic. Members of the tribe were protected, but people of other tribes could be robbed or killed as one pleased. Gradually the circle of protection expanded, but as recently as 150 years ago we did not include blacks. So African human beings could be captured, shipped to America, and sold. In Australia white settlers regarded Aborigines as a pest and hunted them down, much as kangaroos are hunted down today. Just as we have progressed beyond the blatantly racist ethic of the era of slavery and colonialism, so we must now progress beyond the speciesist ethic of the era of factory farming, of the use of animals as mere research tools, of whaling, seal hunting, kangaroo slaughter, and the destruction of wilderness. We must take the final step in expanding the circle of ethics. -	philosophy
As far as I am concerned, philosophic questioning is just as likely to make you confused and depressed as it is to improve your condition.	philosophy
songs, to me, were more important than just light entertainment. They were my preceptor and guide into some altered consciousness of reality. Some different republic, some liberated republic... whatever the case, it wasn't that I was anti-popular culture or anything and I had no ambition to stir things up. I just thought of mainstream culture as lame as hell and a big trick. It was like the unbroken sea of frost that lay outside the window and you had to have awkward footgear to walk with.	philosophy
We have record levels of unemployment, so one way to reduce the number of unemployed people is to World War III our way through and kill 'em all.	sarcasm
Which came first, the mind or the idea of the mind? Have you never wondered? They arrived together. The mind is an idea.	philosophy
You did not just say that. I have a feeling we're on the verge of hugging and coming up with cute nicknames for each other.	sarcasm
"You must have been going very fast."" ""I was, until I hit the fence."	sarcasm
[T]he concern of man is not his future but his present, not the world but his soul. We must be just, we must strive, we must engage ourselves with the business of the world for our own sake, because through that, and through contemplation in equal measure, our soul is purified and brought closer to the divine. ... Thought and deed conjoined are crucial. ... The attempt must be made; the outcome is irrelevant. Right action is a pale material reflection of the divine, but reflection it is, nonetheless. Define your goal and exert reason to accomplish it by virtuous action; successs or failure is secondary.	philosophy
Poverty is a virtue which one can teach oneself.	philosophy
Never hurt a woman because she is someone’s mother or will be someone’s mother. Could you hurt your mother?	philosophy
Escalators are the offspring of elevators and stairs. Love is the progeny of passion and admiration.	philosophy
When you come to the edge of all that you know, you must believe one of two things: either there will be ground to stand on, or you will be given wings to fly.	philosophy
Let not the rash marble risk garrulous breaches of oblivion's omnipotence, in many words recalling name, renown, events, birthplace. All those glass jewels are best left in the dark. Let not the marble say what men do not. The essentials of the dead man's life-- the trembling hope, the implacable miracle of pain, the wonder of sensual delight-- will abide forever. Blindly the uncertain soul asks to continue when it is the lives of others that will make that happen, as you yourself are the mirror and image of those who did not live as long as you and others will be (and are) your immortality on earth.	philosophy
Les hommes construisent trop de murs et pas assez de ponts.	philosophy
It was time to take the pumpkin out of the pot and eat it. In the final analysis, that was what solved these big problems of life. You could think and think and get nowhere, but you still had to eat your pumpkin. That brought you down to earth. That gave you a reason for going on. Pumpkin.	philosophy
What's next? You want to convince me they're making another crap Last Airbender movie?	sarcasm
Do you not think that God will protect us?” “No,” he said flatly. “My experience is that He rarely attends to the obvious.	philosophy
A friend is a friend who continues to love you and like you when you don't love him or like him any more.	philosophy
Leave the door open for the unknown, the door into the dark. That’s where the most important things come from, where you yourself came from, and where you will go.	philosophy
Any war that requires the suspension of reason as a necessity for support is a bad war.	philosophy
The thoughts of all men arise from the darkness. If you are the movement of your soul, and the cause of that movement precedes you, then how could you ever call your thoughts your own? How could you be anything other than a slave to the darkness that comes before?	philosophy
I wish there was some method to transform all the agony in my imprudent heart to an energy source. It would have lit up the world till eternity!!!	sarcasm
We just wanted to see whose dick was in yer mouth. Call it curiosity.	sarcasm
If there were no eternal consciousness in a man, if at the bottom of everything there were only a wild ferment, a power that twisting in dark passions produced everything great or inconsequential; if an unfathomable, insatiable emptiness lay hid beneath everything, what would life be but despair?	philosophy
I don’t know. Is that good-different, or I-should-come-with-a-warning-label-different?	sarcasm
Never let yourself be diverted, either by what you wish to believe, or what you think could have beneficent social effects if it were believed; but look only and solely at what are the facts.	philosophy
From the philosopher Catulus, never to be dismissive of a friend's accusation, even if it seems unreasonable, but to make every effort to restore the relationship to its normal condition.	philosophy
Particularity leads to peculiarity and then to pathological behavior. The three Ps. It is very insidious. You would eventually end up in a box. If you try to control your environment, it will control you. And everyone else around you will always have to be making adjustments to your maddening idiosyncracies...You are beginning to enslave yourself with your fussiness.	philosophy
As soon as a religion comes to dominate it has as its opponents all those who would have been its first disciples.	philosophy
There's more to logic than identifying logical fallacies.	philosophy
"Ryn looks sideways at me and raises an eyebrow,""It's big enough for two."" -""You're joking right?Why don't you pretend to be a gentleman and give me the bed?"" He laughs. ""Now <em>you're</em> joking."" -""Of course."" I sigh. ""I have nothing but the lowest of expectations when it comes to you, Ryn."" -""And I shall continue to live down to them."	sarcasm
Crazy Horse dreamed and went into the world where there is nothing but the spirits of all things. That is the real world that is behind this one, and everything we see here is something like a shadow from that one.	philosophy
"He stole glances at the heathen faces of Bodien and Gaylord, the suffering, yet oddly consoled, eyes and mouth of Basellecci, noting the brave enthusiasm of men who had never dreamed of anything very definite, and it occurred to him through the reek of his person that there was only one hope for him, and for all people who had lost, through intelligence, the hope of immortality. ""We must love and delight in each other and in ourselves!"" he cried."	philosophy
I used to jog but it's bad for the knees. Too much beta carotene turns you orange, too much calcium gives you kidney stones. Health kills.	sarcasm
To live is not to breathe but to act. It is to make use of our organs, our senses, our faculties, of all the parts of ourselves which give us the sentiment of our existence. The man who has lived the most is not he who has counted the most years but he who has most felt life.	philosophy
Art is the social antithesis of society, not directly deducible from it.	philosophy
So the reason I was struck again and again was because of my overwhelmingly positive energy. Funny, I'd always thought of myself as a pessimist.	sarcasm
This is the concentration camp and crematorium at Auschwitz. This is where people were turned into numbers. Into this pond were flushed the ashes of some four million people. And that was not done by gas. It was done by arrogance. It was done by dogma. It was done by ignorance. When people believe that they have absolute knowledge, with no test in reality, this is how they behave.	philosophy
It is our attitude toward events, not events themselves, which we can control. Nothing is by its own nature calamitous -- even death is terrible only if we fear it.	philosophy
Be in limits, life will never limit you.	philosophy
Usually when people talk about the trickle-down theory, it has to do with economics. The richer people at the top of a society become, supposedly, the more wealth there is to trickle down to the people below. It never really works out that way, of course, because if there are 2 things people at the top can't stand, they have to be leakage and overflow.	philosophy
"Coming into your powers can be a very confusing time. Perhaps there is a book on the subject. If you like, we can go see Marian.""  Yeah, right. Choices and Changes. A Modern Girl's Guide to Casting. My Mom Wants to Kill Me: A Self-Help Book For Teens."	sarcasm
The wealth required by nature is limited and is easy to procure; but the wealth required by vain ideals extends to infinity.	philosophy
Consider the whole world reconnoitre individuals j who is there whose life is not taken up with providing for to morrow Do you ask what harm there is in this An infinite deal for such men do not live but are about to live they defer every thing from day to day however circumspect we are life will still outrun us.	philosophy
True, life is complex. But so are a great many accidents.	philosophy
I certainly don’t like the idea of missionaries. In fact, the whole business fills me with fear and alarm. I don’t believe in God, or at least not in the one we’ve invented for ourselves in England to fulfill our peculiarly English needs, and certainly not in the ones they’ve invented in America, who supply their servants with toupees, television stations, and, most important, toll-free telephone numbers. I wish that people who did believe in such things would keep them to themselves and not export them to the developing world.	sarcasm
"What happened?"" he demanded. ""I heard an explosion!""  ""Yeah.That was me. I set the boat alight.""  ""What?""  ""I set fire to the boat.""  ""But we're on the boat!""  ""I know."	sarcasm
Das Spiel ist der Inbegriff demokratischer Lebensart. Es ist die letzt uns verbliebene Seinsform. Der Spieltrieb ersetzt die Religiosität, beherrscht die Börse, die Politik, die Gerichtssäle, die Pressewelt, und er ist es, der uns seit Gottes Tod mental am Leben hält.	philosophy
A philosophical thought is not supposed to be impervious to all criticism; this is the error Whitehead describes of turning philosophy into geometry, and it is useful primarily as a way of gaining short-term triumphs in personal arguments that no one else cares (or even knows) about anyway. A good philosophical thought will always be subject to criticisms (as Heidegger’s or Whitehead’s best insights all are) but they are of such elegance and depth that they change the terms of debate, and function as a sort of “obligatory passage point” (Latour’s term) in the discussions that follow.  Or in other words, the reason Being and Time is still such a classic, with hundreds of thousands or millions of readers almost a century later, is not because Heidegger made “fewer mistakes” than others of his generation. Mistakes need to be cleaned up, but that is not the primary engine of personal or collective intellectual progress.	philosophy
You’d really give up your big, swanky apartment?”  “If you don’t want to move in there with me, yes.”  “But you love your apartment.”  “I love you more, dumb ass.	sarcasm
The method of 'postulating' what we want has many advantages ; they are the same as the advantages of theft over honest toil.	philosophy
"(One character on another:)  ""Don't you know that I passionately dote on every chin on his face?"	sarcasm
It is not that I am mad, it is only that my head is different from yours.	philosophy
Southern Cat on a Hot Tin Roof  Sure nuff, I'm happier than a cat  on a formerly hot tin roof which now uses NXT Cool Zone® heat reflecting roof coating ~ but I'm still ornier  than a mule on loco weed and a whole lot hornier  than a two-dicked billy goat. You gots any coatin' for dat?	philosophy
The first duty of a man is to think for himself	philosophy
Owr brave little shank!	sarcasm
where the telescope ends the microscope begins, and who can say which has the wider vision?	philosophy
A woman has to live her life, or live to repent not having lived it.	philosophy
I made art a philosophy, and philosophy an art: I altered the minds of men, and the colour of things: I awoke the imagination of my century so that it created myth and legend around me: I summed up all things in a phrase, all existence in an epigram: whatever I touched I made beautiful	philosophy
At the last moment, Kellan swerved around him, quickly leaving the zombie behind.   “Why didn't you just hit him?” Jayden asked, turning to look behind us as we sped away. I did, too. The zombie spun around as he immediately started to follow us.   “I didn't want to mess up my paint job,” Kellan sarcastically replied as he turned on the street that would lead us to the store. “Plus, I just washed it.	sarcasm
The view that the truth is one and undivided, and the same for all men everywhere at all times, whether one finds it in the pronouncements of sacred books, traditional wisdom, the authority of churches, democratic majorities, observation and experiment conducted by qualified experts, or the convictions of simple folks uncorrupted by civilisation---this view, in one form or another, is central to western thought, which stems from Plato and his disciples.	philosophy
When we are young, we spend much time and pains in filling our note-books with all definitions of Religion, Love, Poetry, Politics, Art, in the hope that, in the course of a few years, we shall have condensed into our encyclopaedia the net value of all the theories at which the world has yet arrived. But year after year our tables get no completeness, and at last we discover that our curve is a parabola, whose arcs will never meet.	philosophy
"Oh, that's great. That way, when things have quieted down, and we come up for air, or money, or re-supply, we'll get a nice explosive package from him that says ""so nice to see you again"" in a way that only multi-megaton yields can."	sarcasm
Jigga, Kells, Not Guilty	philosophy
MIGHT, something God only has.	philosophy
Few things are more deceptive than memories.	philosophy
The only successful philosophies and religions are the ones that flatter us, whether in the name of progress or of hell. Damned or not, man experiences an absolute need to be at the heart of everything.	philosophy
Maybe everyone can live beyond what they're capable of.	philosophy
Humanity must forgive 'Humanity', for only then can we be Humane.	philosophy
It takes three to make love, not two: you, your spouse, and God. Without God people only succeed in bringing out the worst in one another. Lovers who have nothing else to do but love each other soon find there is nothing else. Without a central loyalty life is unfinished.	philosophy
Man is the only creature who refuses to be what he is.	philosophy
Try for once to justify the meaning of your existence as it were a posteriori by setting yourself an aim, a goal... an exalted and noble 'to this end.' Perish in pursuit of this and only this	philosophy
It's wildly irritating to have invented something as revolutionary as sarcasm, only to have it abused by amateurs.	sarcasm
Life is what you portrait it!	philosophy
Hello, Mrs. Tran...I have David's homework. And if you ever want to see it again, you'll pay me the two million dollars I asked for.	sarcasm
How could they see anything but the shadows if they were never allowed to move their heads?	philosophy
This time, there was no escape, I could not turn away, could not leave without accepting what I had done. There was only one way to the other side, and that was through the pain.	philosophy
Why are there beings at all, instead of Nothing?	philosophy
The secret of happiness is love and secret of love is nonjudgmental care.	philosophy
If everyone wants to be somebody, I want to be somebody else	philosophy
Let mental culture go on advancing, let the natural sciences progress in even greater extent and depth, and the human mind widen itself as much as it desires: beyond the elevation and moral culture of Christianity, as it shines forth in the Gospels, it will not go.	philosophy
If two heads are better than one, then think how brilliant committees must be.	sarcasm
The human body resonates at the same frequency as Mother Earth. So instead of only focusing on trying to save the earth, which operates in congruence to our vibrations, I think it is more important to be one with each other. If you really want to remedy the earth, we have to mend mankind. And to unite mankind, we heal the Earth. That is the only way. Mother Earth will exist with or without us. Yet if she is sick, it is because mankind is sick and separated. And if our vibrations are bad, she reacts to it, as do all living creatures.	philosophy
"If anyone tells you that a certain person speaks ill of you, do not make excuses about what is said of you but answer, ""He was ignorant of my other faults, else he would not have mentioned these alone."	philosophy
"Wow,"" she said. ""It's like you're teaching me something and being all wise."" ""You are not easy to get along with,"" Skulduggery said."	sarcasm
I don't do what I'm told, but I might do what you want if you ask me nicely.	sarcasm
Marriage can be made to work if both the partners can see beyond themselves and understand the limitations,needs and abilities of the other person and are willing to embrace the positive and negative aspects of each other in their understanding. But it never happens that way. We expect others to understand and comply with us while we fail to do the same. Thus marriage loses all it's sheen by the time the couple reaches middle age.	philosophy
Instinct is a makeshift, an admission of helplessness before the problem of reality.	philosophy
This is the paradox of public space: even if everyone knows an unpleasant fact, saying it in public changes everything. One of the first measures taken by the new Bolshevik government in 1918 was to make public the entire corpus of tsarist secret diplomacy, all the secret agreements, the secret clauses of public agreements etc. There too the target was the entire functioning of the state apparatuses of power.	philosophy
I’ll tell him this isn’t just a job to me, it’s a career, a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity that I’ll surely never take for granted. Will I work nights, weekends, and holidays? There’s nothing I’ve ever wanted to do more. Am I OK with making $8.50/hr and no benefits? $8.50?! That’s exactly my desired pay, and I’ll be so grateful and content with it that I’ll never, ever ask for a raise.	sarcasm
A child who does not think about what happens around him and is content with living without wondering whether he lives honestly is like a man who lives from a scoundrel's work and is on the road to being a scoundrel.	philosophy
"Once someone asked me, ""What do you want to be your epitaph?"" So I said, ""Paulo Coelho died when he was alive."	philosophy
"I turned to Dionysus. ""You cured him?"" ""Madness is my specialty. It was quite simple."" ""But...you did something nice. Why?"" He raised and eyebrow. ""I am nice! I simple ooze niceness, Perry Johansson. Haven't you noticed?"	sarcasm
I will not join the rat race because I'm not a rat. And I will not blindly follow a specific faith because I'm not a bat. The only race I'll take part in is for humans being humane. It's called the human race, and sadly it's got the least participants.	philosophy
worms have crawled up your nose and eaten your wits.	sarcasm
I remember growing up, saying you’re an artist it sounds pretentious but now it’s one of the only dignified things that you can call yourself.	philosophy
What if one were to want to hunt for these hidden presences? You can’t just rummage around like you’re at a yard sale. You have to listen. You have to pay attention. There are certain things you can’t look at directly. You need to trick them into revealing themselves. That’s what we’re doing with Walter, Jaz. We’re juxtaposing things, listening for echoes. It’s not some silly cybernetic dream of command and control, modeling the whole world so you can predict the outcome. It’s certainly not a theory of everything. I don’t have a theory of any kind. What I have is far more profound.’  ‘What’s that?’  ‘A sense of humor.’  Jaz looked at him, trying to find a clue in his gaunt face, in the clear gray eyes watching him with such - what? Amusement? Condescension? There was something about the man which brought on a sort of hermeneutic despair. He was a forest of signs.  ‘We’re hunting for jokes.’ Bachman spoke slowly, as if to a child. ‘Parapraxes. Cosmic slips of the tongue. They’re the key to the locked door. They’ll help us discover it.’  ‘Discover what?’  ‘The face of God. What else would we be looking for?	philosophy
Know you not that a good man does nothing for appearance sake, but for the sake of having done right?	philosophy
I have forgotten my umbrella.	philosophy
Yeah, I was just curious. I concentrated on my footsteps. Yeah, well, next time you think about stepping into rock concerts you might want to bring a bodyguard. I stopped and turned around. I brought my hands to my hips, a bit offended. What is that supposed to mean? He dropped the end of the bat into the sand.  It means your small.	sarcasm
Life is a book. We fill the pages.	philosophy
Imitating someone is the mediocre way of getting humanity back to what we evolved from.	sarcasm
This is precisely how someone speaks who imagines that he is the world's divinely appointed ruler: 'I will not LET them starve. I will not LET the drought come. I will not LET the river flood.	philosophy
For this feeling of wonder shows that you are a philosopher, since wonder is the only beginning of philosophy.	philosophy
A flower just blooms without knowing who will enjoy and appreciate her beauty.	philosophy
Sometimes the sound of silence is the most deafening sound of all.	philosophy
Let no one delay the study of philosophy while young nor weary of it when old.	philosophy
An age cannot bind itself and ordain to put the succeeding one into such a condition that it cannot extend its (at best very occasional) knowledge , purify itself of errors, and progress in general enlightenment. That would be a crime against human nature, the proper destination of which lies precisely in this progress and the descendants would be fully justified in rejecting those decrees as having been made in an unwarranted and malicious manner.  <strong>The touchstone of everything that can be concluded as a law for a people lies in the question whether the people could have imposed such a law on itself</strong>.	philosophy
Love as a concrete foundation for an authentically functional civilization requires the around-the-clock labors of forgiveness. Without it, Love fails, Friendship fails, Intelligence fails, Humanity: fails.	philosophy
If you think fate is fickle, try tempting it	philosophy
You are what your creators and experiences have made you, like every other being in this universe. Accept that and be done; I tire of your whining.	philosophy
See the exquisite contrast of the types of mind! The pragmatist clings to facts and concreteness, observes truth at its work in particular cases, and generalises. Truth, for him, becomes a class-name for all sorts of definite working-values in experience. For the rationalist it remains a pure abstraction, to the bare name of which we must defer. When the pragmatist undertakes to show in detail just why we must defer, the rationalist is unable to recognise the concretes from which his own abstraction is taken. He accuses us of denying truth; whereas we have only sought to trace exactly why people follow it and always ought to follow it. Your typical ultra-abstractions fairly shudders at concreteness: other things equal, he positively prefers the pale and spectral. If the two universes were offered, he would always choose the skinny outline rather than the rich thicket of reality. It is so much purer, clearer, nobler.	philosophy
The last of the cherry blossom. On the tree, it turns ever more perfect. And when it’s perfect, it falls. And then of course once it hits the ground it gets all mushed up. So it’s only absolutely perfect when it’s falling through the air, this way and that, for the briefest time!.!.!.	philosophy
The cinema is truth 24 frames-per-second	philosophy
Regardless of the staggering dimensions of the world about us, the density of our ignorance, the risks of catastrophes to come, and our individual weakness within the immense collectivity, the fact remains that we are absolutely free today if we choose to will our existence in its finiteness, a finiteness which is open on the infinite. And in fact, any man who has known real loves, real revolts, real desires, and real will knows quite well that he has no need of any outside guarantee to be sure of his goals; their certitude comes from his own drive.	philosophy
The darkening of the world makes the irrationality of art rational: radically darkened art.	philosophy
What’s the opposite of start? Would the average person think stop or finish? The answer may reflect the difference between a winner and a loser.	philosophy
It is not true that people stop pursuing dreams because they grow old, they grow old because they stop pursuing dreams.	philosophy
Weariness that wants to reach the ultimate with one leap, with one fatal leap, a poor ignorant weariness that does not want to want any more: this created all gods and afterworlds.	philosophy
"Sir Mark Turner,"" he said. ""I speak with the tongues of a thousand angels. Butterflies follow me wherever I go. Birds sing when I take a breath."	sarcasm
One picture puzzle piece Lyin' on the sidewalk, One picture puzzle piece Soakin' in the rain. It might be a button of blue On the coat of the woman Who lived in a shoe. It might be a magical bean, Or a fold in the red Velvet robe of a queen. It might be the one little bite Of the apple her stepmother Gave to Snow White. It might be the veil of a bride Or a bottle with some evil genie inside. It might be a small tuft of hair On the big bouncy belly Of Bobo the Bear. It might be a bit of the cloak Of the Witch of the West As she melted to smoke. It might be a shadowy trace Of a tear that runs down an angel's face. Nothing has more possibilities Than one old wet picture puzzle piece.	philosophy
When someone sees the same people every day, as had happened with him at the seminary, they wind up becoming a part of that person's life. And then they want the person to change. If someone isn't what others want them to be, the others become angry. Everyone seems to have a clear idea of how other people should lead their lives, but none about his or her own.	philosophy
Tom felt his darkness. His father was beautiful and clever, his mother was short and mathematically sure. Each of his brothers and sisters had looks or gifts or fortune. Tom loved all of them passionately, but he felt heavy and earth-bound. He climbed ecstatic mountains and floundered in the rocky darkness between the peaks. He had spurts of bravery but they were bracketed in battens of cowardice.	philosophy
"From this distant vantage point, the Earth might not seem of particular interest. But for us, it's different. Consider again that dot. That's here, that's home, that's us. On it everyone you love, everyone you know, everyone you ever heard of, every human being who ever was, lived out their lives. The aggregate of our joy and suffering, thousands of confident religions, ideologies, and economic doctrines, every hunter and forager, every hero and coward, every creator and destroyer of civilization, every king and peasant, every young couple in love, every mother and father, hopeful child, inventor and explorer, every teacher of morals, every corrupt politician, every ""superstar,"" every ""supreme leader,"" every saint and sinner in the history of our species lived there – on a mote of dust suspended in a sunbeam.  The Earth is a very small stage in a vast cosmic arena. Think of the rivers of blood spilled by all those generals and emperors so that, in glory and triumph, they could become the momentary masters of a fraction of a dot. Think of the endless cruelties visited by the inhabitants of one corner of this pixel on the scarcely distinguishable inhabitants of some other corner, how frequent their misunderstandings, how eager they are to kill one another, how fervent their hatreds.   Our posturings, our imagined self-importance, the delusion that we have some privileged position in the Universe, are challenged by this point of pale light. Our planet is a lonely speck in the great enveloping cosmic dark. In our obscurity, in all this vastness, there is no hint that help will come from elsewhere to save us from ourselves.   The Earth is the only world known so far to harbor life. There is nowhere else, at least in the near future, to which our species could migrate. Visit, yes. Settle, not yet. Like it or not, for the moment the Earth is where we make our stand.   It has been said that astronomy is a humbling and character-building experience. There is perhaps no better demonstration of the folly of human conceits than this distant image of our tiny world. To me, it underscores our responsibility to deal more kindly with one another, and to preserve and cherish the pale blue dot, the only home we've ever known."	philosophy
"Why were you lurking under our window?"" ""Yes - yes, good point, Petunia! What were you doing under our windows, boy?"" ""Listening to the news,"" said Harry in a resigned voice. His aunt and uncle exchanged looks of outrage. ""Listening to the news! Again?"" ""Well, it changes every day, you see,"" said Harry."	sarcasm
People should decide on the books' meanings for themselves. They'll find a story that attacks such things as cruelty, oppression, intolerance, unkindness, narrow-mindedness, and celebrates love, kindness, open-mindedness, tolerance, curiosity, human intelligence.	philosophy
Why should repeat 2-3 for the same question.  Let tongue and brain connect before talking. I'm not sarcastic,  I'm just brutally honest !	sarcasm
The words ‘I Love You’ kill, and resurrect millions, in less than a second.	philosophy
Today you have added another candle of knowledge and wisdom to your life. May it give you the power to enlighten the whole world. On your birthday, I wish you joy and happiness.	philosophy
"Listen, Peaches, <em>trickery</em> is what humans are all about,"" said the voice of Maurice. ""They're so keen on tricking one another all the time that they elect governments to do it for them."	sarcasm
YOU. ARE. PERFECT. You are. Im talking to YOU. and dont you dare think otherwise...embrace the entity of yourself...you are a puzzle piece and you are meant to be puzzling.	philosophy
I need just be a bayonet, a bayonet named Diving Punishment. I wish I'd been born a storm. Or a menace. Or a single grenade. No heart, no tears, just as a terrible gale'd have been good. If [by doing this] I become that, then so be it.	philosophy
"Truly,"" remarked Nandi as we entered a darkened tunnel, ""it is amazing that you have not died yet, mistress."" ""Well, hang in there. The night is young."	sarcasm
I don’t get you people. You watch the Godfather on television and tons of people are getting shot and stabbed to death, blood splattering everywhere and it is entertaining. But, when they killed a horse, people were outraged.	sarcasm
I was never aware of any other option but to question everything.	philosophy
"Good man and bad man with money goes a long ways."" ~ Amunhotep El Bey"	philosophy
The way you see people is the way you treat them and the way you treat them is what they become.	philosophy
That's one way we differ, Jaime and I. He's taller as well, you may have noticed.	sarcasm
We played for about half an hour before I realized we were actually playing two different games. What I’d thought of as ludo was actually a game called gin rummy, and what Warren was playing seemed to be a mixture of craps and table tennis. Once we started playing by one consistent set of rules, though, the fun was really over.	philosophy
"The problem is not that people make any bond of affection they like with people they like; the problem is calling that bond of affection ""love."	sarcasm
There's only one day at a time here, then it's tonight and then tomorrow will be today again.	philosophy
To my astonishment I saw him standing at a table with Kitty Jones. It was the Kitty Jones bit that was astonishing. Not the table. Though it was very nicely polished.	sarcasm
Visible objects therefore do not perish utterly, since nature repairs one thing from another and allows nothing to be born without the aid of another's death.	philosophy
I'm looking into my past lives. I'm convinced some of them still owe me money.	philosophy
Only that day dawns to which we are awake. There is more day to dawn. The sun is but a morning star.	philosophy
It is closer to the truth to say that God is crazy than that God is reasonable. I suspect God merely smiles when someone calls him crazy, but shakes His head and frowns when someone calls Him reasonable.	philosophy
To learn is not to know; there are the learners and the learned. Memory makes the one, philosophy the others.	philosophy
It does not matter how long you are spending on the earth, how much money you have gathered or how much attention you have received. It is the amount of positive vibration you have radiated in life that matters,	philosophy
Love taught me to die with dignity that I might come forth anew in splendor. Born once of flesh, then again of fire, I was reborn a third time to the sound of my name humming haikus in heaven’s mouth.	philosophy
"We are creators, and yet we naively play the role of ""the created."" We see ourselves as helpless sheep buffeted around by the God who made us. We kneel like frightened children, begging for help, for forgiveness, for good luck. But once we realize that we are truly created in the Creator's image, we will start to understand that we, too, must be Creators. When we understand this fact, the doors will burst wide open for human potential."	philosophy
If the ordinary wage-earner worked four hours a day, there would be enough for everybody and no unemployment -- assuming a certain very moderate amount of sensible organization. This idea shocks the well-to-do, because they are convinced that the poor would not know how to use so much leisure. In America men often work long hours even when they are well off; such men, naturally, are indignant at the idea of leisure for wage-earners, except as the grim punishment of unemployment; in fact, they dislike leisure even for their sons.	philosophy
One, remember to look up at the stars and not down at your feet. Two, never give up work. Work gives you meaning and purpose and life is empty without it. Three, if you are lucky enough to find love, remember it is there and don't throw it away.	philosophy
My teacher asked my favorite color. ... I said ‘Rainbow’.... and I was punished to stand out of my class.	philosophy
"How are you feeling?"" I leaned away from him. ""Gross."" Aiden frowned. ""Gross?"" ""I haven't brushed my teeth or washed my face in days. Don't come near me."" He laughed. ""Alex, come on."" ""Seriously, I'm gross."" I put my hand over my mouth. Ignoring my protests, he leaned over and brushed my string hair back. ""You're as beautiful as always, Alex."" I stared at him. He must not get out much."	sarcasm
In every ancient religious and sacred text, faith is a verb; a thing to be demonstrated. It is in modern days that we have diluted faith from an act to a philosophy.	philosophy
...we're told by TV and Reader's Digest that a crisis will trigger massive personal change--and that those big changes will make the pain worthwhile. But from what he could see, big change almost never happens. People simply feel lost. They have no idea what to say or do or feel or think. they become messes and tend to remain messes.	philosophy
Moments are the elements of profit	philosophy
Be nice to people on your way up, because you'll land on them on your way down	sarcasm
Joy is the goal of existence, and joy is not to be stumbled upon, but to be achieved, and the act of treason is to let its vision drown in the swamp of the moment's torture.	philosophy
To pursue wisdom is to live in such a way that one is prepared to face death when it comes. (247)	philosophy
The first method for estimating the intelligence of a ruler is to look at the men he has around him.	philosophy
A false-statement requires deceit and distortion for someone to buy it, but a truthful-statement sells itself.	philosophy
Act only according to that maxim whereby you can at the same time will that it should become a universal law.	philosophy
I love having to attend the one class that is being taught by a professor who feels that their class is the only class being taught at the University and gives nothing but busy work.	sarcasm
So he came to realize that learning a language was perhaps the most profound thing a man could do. Not only did it require wrapping different sounds around the very movement of your soul, it involved learning things somehow already known, as though much of what he was somehow existed apart from him. A kind of enlightenment accompanied these first lessons, a deeper understanding of self.	philosophy
In my opinion, our health care system has failed when a doctor fails to treat an illness that is treatable.	philosophy
"Do you believe in God, doctor?""  No - but what does that really mean? I'm fumbling in the dark, struggling to make something out. But I've long ceased finding that original."	philosophy
Never let your sense of morals prevent you from doing what is right.	philosophy
It's better to shut a fool's mouth with sarcasm rather than cursing him back.	sarcasm
It is remarkable how long men will believe in the bottomlessness of a pond without taking the trouble to sound it.	philosophy
Skepticism is the agent of reason against organized irrationalism--and is therefore one of the keys to human social and civic decency.	philosophy
Egalitarians adjust to aristocracies just fine, as long as they get to be the aristocrats.	philosophy
Doing nothing is better than being busy doing nothing.	philosophy
"A little girl robbed you?"" Tessa said. ""Actually, she wasn’t a little girl at all, as it turns out, but a midget in a dress with a penchant for violence, who goes by the name of Six-Fingered Nigel."" ""Easy mistake to make,"" Jem said."	sarcasm
I do not know what the heart of a rascal may be, but I know what is in the heart of an honest man; it is horrible.	philosophy
"Sometimes I lie awake at night and I ask, ""Is life a multiple choice test or is it a true or false test?"" ...Then a voice comes to me out of the dark and says, ""We hate to tell you this but life is a thousand word essay."	philosophy
A prince must not have any other object nor any other thought… but war, its institutions, and its discipline; because that is the only art befitting one who commands.	philosophy
No! Try not. Do, or do not. There is no try.	philosophy
What I find predictable is crazy people's ability to predict that unpredictable people can be predicted by their consistent unpredictable behavior, thus making all crazy people predictable when the world says they are unpredictable. Therefore, I must be “right” because I can predict crazy because I have been trained in the unpredictable nature of consistent craziness because I am crazy.	sarcasm
If tomorrow were never to come, it would not be worth living today.	philosophy
Ignore the reek of feces in the air, the bloodstains on the ground, and you have yourself a glorious night.	sarcasm
The lesson we are indebted to Egypt for, our future generations learned that in the face of oppression silence is never golden.	philosophy
In the end mortals always expired before faeries. They were such finite creatures. Their first heartbeat and breath were but a blink from death. To add the weight of nourishing his insatiable court in a time of peace was to hasten that unconscionably.	philosophy
Musical training is a more potent instrument than any other, because rhythm and harmony find their way into the inward places of the soul.	philosophy
A man must not be without shame, for the shame of being without shame is shamelessness indeed.	philosophy
6.4311 Der Tod ist kein Ereignis des Lebens. Den Tod erlebt man nicht. Wenn man unter Ewigkeit nicht unendliche Zeitdauer, sondern Unzeitlichkeit versteht, dann lebt der ewig, der in der Gegenwart lebt. Unser Leben ist ebenso endlos, wie unser Gesichtsfeld grenzenlos ist.   6.4311 Death is not an event of life. Death is not lived through. If by eternity is understood not endless temporal duration but timelessness, then he lives eternally who lives in the present. Our life is endless in the way that our visual field is without limit.	philosophy
The seed of suffering in you may be strong, but don't wait until you have no more suffering before allowing yourself to be happy.	philosophy
High School. Society’s bright idea to put all their aggressive, naive youth into one environment to torment and emotionally scar each other for life.	sarcasm
"Which do you think is more valuable to humanity?  a. Finding ways to tell humans that they have free will despite the incontrovertible fact that their actions are completely dictated by the laws of physics as instantiated in our bodies, brains and environments? That is, engaging in the honored philosophical practice of showing that our notion of ""free will"" can be compatible with determinism?  or  b. Telling people, based on our scientific knowledge of physics, neurology, and behavior, that our actions are predetermined rather than dictated by some ghost in our brains, and then sussing out the consequences of that conclusion and applying them to society?    Of course my answer is b)."	philosophy
Lend me your ears and you can borrow my mind	philosophy
Were you born stupid, Heinrich, or did you have to study?	sarcasm
All social inequalities which have ceased to be considered expedient, assume the character not of simple inexpediency, but of injustice, and appear so tyrannical, that people are apt to wonder how they ever could have. been tolerated; forgetful that they themselves perhaps tolerate other inequalities under an equally mistaken notion of expediency, the correction of which would make that which they approve seem quite as monstrous as what they have at last learnt to condemn.	philosophy
And still the text will remain, if it is really cryptic and parodying (and I tell you that it is so through and through. I might as well tell you since it won’t be of any help to you. Even my admission can very well be a lie because there is dissimulation only if one tells the truth, only if one tells that one is telling the truth), still the text will remain indefinitely open, cryptic and parodying.	philosophy
She'd asked him what it was like to be in there, doing nothing but then being woken up to speak to somebody you couldn't see. He'd said that it was like being woken from a deep and satisfying sleep, to be asked questions while you kept your eyes closed. He was quite happy. Sight was over-rated anyway.	sarcasm
They lived like monkeys still, while their new god powers lay around them in the weeds.	philosophy
Andrew just shrugged, and I fiddled with the napkin in my lap while glancing idly around the restaurant. The obligatory mirrors hung on the walls, and there was one of those fountains with fake lily pads in the entryway. The restaurant was also lit like a mine shaft. I've never understood why dim lighting is supposed to be so romantic. Night vision belongs into a Paris Hilton sex tape - not in a restaurant that could potentially poison me with peanut sauce.	sarcasm
If you change who you are to suit other people, you may end up dressed for the wrong occasion	philosophy
"Apocalypse is a frame of mind."" [Nicodemus] said then. ""A belief. A surrender to inevitability. It is a despair for the future. It is the death of hope."	philosophy
"Every philosophy is a foreground philosophy — that is a hermit's judgment: ""There is something arbitrary in his stopping <em>here</em> to look back and look around, in his not digging deeper <em>here</em> but laying his spade aside; there is also something suspicious about it."" Every philosophy also <em>conceals</em> a philosophy; every opinion is also a hideout, every word also a mask."	philosophy
Could you please stop dripping your sarcasm all over my car’s interior?	sarcasm
Self-discipline is a form of freedom. Freedom from laziness and lethargy, freedom from expectations and demands of others, freedom from weakness and fear -- and doubt.	philosophy
Few among men are they who cross to the further shore. The others merely run up and down the bank on this side.	philosophy
The world was floods above and fire below	philosophy
I believe that just because something didn’t go the way you planned it once, it’s no reason not to try again.	philosophy
I realized that conservatism was the philosophy that best suited me, with its emphasis on individual liberty, personal responsibility, and merit.	philosophy
"Well, it just figures,"" Younger told him, like a man explaining his religion."	sarcasm
"Personally, I prefer Stevie Wonder,"" confessed the Chink, ""but what the hell. Those cowgirls are always bitching because the only radio station in the area plays nothing but polkas, but I say you can dance to <em>anything</em> if you really feel like dancing."" To prove it, he got up and danced to the news."	philosophy
People are, generally speaking, either dead certain or totally indifferent (Both types are crawling around deep down in the rabbit's fur!)	philosophy
"Concerning Concealment as a symptom of love for Krsna:  ""It has been stated, 'although Srimati Radharani developed a deep loving affection for Krsna, She hid Her attitude in the core of Her heart so that others could not detect Her actual condition."	philosophy
Because in some other universe, you are me, I am you, and we are perfectly happy together. Or perhaps not… and just like this…	philosophy
For everyone now strives most of all to seperate his person, wishing to experience the fullness of life within himself, and yet what comes of all his efforts is not the fullness of life, but full suicide, for instead of the fullness of self-definition, they fall into complete isolation.	philosophy
He who is not satisfied with a little, is satisfied with nothing .	philosophy
the Real-World was a sprawling mess of a book in need of a good editor.	philosophy
Molecules dissolve and pass away, but consciousness survives the death of the matter on which it rides.	philosophy
For Reason, ruling alone, is a force confining; and Passion, unattended, is a flame that burns to its own destruction.	philosophy
There is much in this vision that will remind you of your mystics; yet between them and us there is far more difference than similarity, in respect both of the matter and the manner of our thought. For while they are confident that the cosmos is perfect, we are sure only that it is very beautiful. While they pass to their conclusion without the aid of intellect, we have used that staff every step of the way. Thus, even when in respect of conclusions we agree with your mystics rather than your plodding intellectuals, in respect of method we applaud most your intellectuals; for they scorned to deceive themselves with comfortable fantasies.	philosophy
Optimism: That effervescent, blindingly- bright, perky, chipper, twittering quality you want to squash out of annoying people.	sarcasm
The Getsmart Prayer  I do my laundry and you do yours, I am not in this life to listen to your ceaseless yammering, And you are not in this world for any discernable reason at all. You are you, and I am I, and I got the better deal. And if by chance we find each other, it will be unspeakably tedious. Fuck off.	philosophy
Like all magnificent things, it's very simple.	philosophy
She tapped out a beat on the edge of the piano as I tripped and plummeted through the refrain of “Spacebar,” trying to translate the synth chords into a piano bit on the fly. It had been a million years since I’d played it. But it was still catchy. Whoever had written this song had known what they were doing.	sarcasm
When you succumb to cynicism, darkness, pessimism and sarcasm you are amplifying imbalance and negativity.	sarcasm
What never fails inside the mind of an intellectual never works outside the confines of his head. The world’s stubborn refusal to vindicate the intellectual’s theories serves as proof of humanity’s irrationality, not his own. Thus, the true believer retrenches rather than rethinks; he launches a war on the world, denying reality because it fails to conform to his theories. If intellectuals are not prepared to reconcile theory and practice, then why do they bother to venture outside the ivory tower or the coffeehouse? Why not stay in the world of abstractions and fantasy?	philosophy
It is more Important to be of pure intention than of perfect action.	philosophy
"Chalk again?"" Cal seemed almost disappointed. ""Too bad there's no chalk monster."" Penn snorted with amusement. Chalk monster. That was like saying it was a vampire. Everyone knew vampires didn't exist. Zombies who drank blood to stay alive. Ridiculous."	sarcasm
Digression is the soul of wit. Take the philosophic asides away from Dante, Milton or Hamlet's father's ghost and what stays is dry bones.	philosophy
If you appreciate the small things, you're likely to get the big ones.	philosophy
It just takes one serious thought to change a person, either to one he always wanted to be or into one he never wished to be.	sarcasm
He'd been given an assignment to write about teen beauty pageants [...], which he'd accepted because he enjoyed blood sports as much as the next person.	sarcasm
A birth-date is a reminder to celebrate the life as well as to update the life.	philosophy
Doesn't this place give you the creeps? You could perhaps do something with some floral wallpaper and a fire-bomb.	sarcasm
"Formation may be the best name for what happens in a circle of trust, because the word refers, historically, to soul work done in community. But a quick disclaimer is in order, since formation sometimes means a process quite contrary to the one described in this book----a process in which the pressure of orthodox doctrine, sacred text, and institutional authority is applied to the misshapen soul in order to conform it to the shape dictated by some theology. This approach is rooted in the idea that we are born with souls deformed by sin, and our situation is hopeless until the authorities ""form"" us properly. But all of that is turned upside down by the principles of a circle of trust: I applaud the theologian who said that ""the idea of humans being born alienated from the Creator would seem an abominable concept."" Here formation flows from the belief that we are born with souls in perfect form. As time goes on, we subject to powers of deformation, from within as well as without, that twist us into shapes alien to the shape of the soul. But the soul never loses its original form and never stops calling us back to our birhtright integrity."	philosophy
If you live today, you breath in nihilism ... it's the gas you breathe. If I hadn't had the Church to fight it with or to tell me the necessity of fighting it, I would be the stinkingest logical positivist you ever saw right now.	philosophy
Never forget that there are only two philosophies to rule your life: the one of the cross, which starts with the fast and ends with the feast. The other of Satan, which starts with the feast and ends with the headache.	philosophy
Be a life long or short, its completeness depends on what it was lived for.	philosophy
The moment you stop trying to become a better person, is the moment you start to become worse than what you already are.	philosophy
Le bonheur, c'est continuer à désirer ce que l'on a déjà.	philosophy
Let whoever can do so deceive me, he will never bring it about that I am nothing, so long as I continue to think I am something.	philosophy
belief is the death of intelligence.	philosophy
A toast, Jedediah, to love on my terms. Those are the only terms anybody ever knows - his own.	philosophy
A man could be a lover and defender of the wilderness without ever in his lifetime leaving the boundaries of asphalt, powerlines, and right-angled surfaces. We need wilderness whether or not we ever set foot in it. We need a refuge even though we may never need to set foot in it. We need the possibility of escape as surely as we need hope; without it the life of the cities would drive all men into crime or drugs or psychoanalysis.	philosophy
Simon: So were you following me? Or is it just an amazing coincidence that you happened to be on the roof of a building I was walking by when I got attacked?  Jace: I was following you.  Simon: Is this the part where you tell me you're secretly in love with me?	sarcasm
Young people everywhere have been allowed to choose between love and a garbage disposal unit. Everywhere they have chosen the garbage disposal unit.	philosophy
We live in a society where every business has a huge scope.  Even if you open a shop selling snakes people will buy it. Thinking they will direct them to their neighbors house.	philosophy
Life is an essay you yourself have to write, start to finish.	philosophy
A painting is more than the sum of its parts,' he would tell me, and then go on to explain how the cow by itself is just a cow, and the meadow by itself is just grass and flowers, and the sun peeking through the trees is just a beam of light, but put them all together and you've got magic.	philosophy
The rich fop Francis of Assisi was bored all his life―until he fell in love with Christ and gave all his stuff away and became the troubadour of Lady Poverty.	philosophy
Those who know that they are profound strive for clarity. Those who would like to seem profound to the crowd strive for obscurity. For the crowd believes that if it cannot see to the bottom of something it must be profound. It is so timid and dislikes going into the water.	philosophy
Love now, not later. Also, love later.	philosophy
Genius is measured not by static volume but by kinetic vision.	philosophy
Whereof one cannot speak, thereof one must be silent.	philosophy
Experience has shown, and a true philosophy will always show, that a vast, perhaps the larger, portion of truth arises from the seemingly irrelevant.	philosophy
Whereas I think: I’m lying here in a haystack... The tiny space I occupy is so infinitesimal in comparison with the rest of space, which I don’t occupy and which has no relation to me. And the period of time in which I’m fated to live is so insignificant beside the eternity in which I haven’t existed and won’t exist... And yet in this atom, this mathematical point, blood is circulating, a brain is working, desiring something... What chaos! What a farce!	philosophy
Mary,' said her mother. 'We don't like sarcasm '  'You mightn't like it,' said Mary. 'But I love it.	sarcasm
I think us here to wonder, myself. To wonder. To ask. And that in wondering bout the big things and asking bout the big things, you learn about the little ones, almost by accident. But you never know nothing more about the big things than you start out with. The more I wonder, the more I love.	philosophy
Certainty a strange Ferris wheel of a statement!	philosophy
Life is like a rape. If we cannot resist it, split the legs and enjoy it.	philosophy
Napoleon said of Massena, that he was not himself until the battle began to go against him; then, when the dead began to fall in ranks around him, awoke his powers of combination, and he put on terror and victory as a robe. So it is in rugged crises, in unweariable endurance, and in aims which put sympathy out of question, that the angel is shown.	philosophy
Wherever there is a human being, there is an opportunity for crisis.	philosophy
When it comes to Schopenhauer, I think I need a To-Go box.	philosophy
I'm transferring Ian down to New Orleans to assist with this,” Arch said as he looked at both men. “I would send Shayne, but Anna won't let him go anywhere without her. They're still in the honeymoon phase.” He made a quote motion with his fingers.   Peter and Vincent exchanged horrified looks, before Peter responded. “Please, don't put us through that torture.	sarcasm
Unfortunately, religion often works to shrink and tame the very wild and mysterious forces that first drew our wonder. In the process of making the inexplicable safe for the masses, the possibilities for real illusion-piercing insight becomes reduced. One might say that they are only available to those who dare to ride the breaking crest of direct life-altering experience.	philosophy
The bourbon goes into the recipe, Miss Connor, not into you,” he’d said from directly behind me. He had a way of doing that, catching me in the act. I suppose the number of times I screwed up made me an easy mark.  My spine straightened at the scolding, but my mouth did what it knew best. “Well, that’s just a waste of perfectly good bourbon if you ask me.	sarcasm
"It is of course no secret to contemporary philosophers and psychologists that man himself is changing in our violent century, under the influence, of course, not only of war and revolution, but also of practically everything else that lays claim to being ""modern"" and ""progressive."" We have already cited the most striking forms of Nihilist Vitalism, whose cumulative effect has been to uproot, disintegrate, and ""mobilize"" the individual, to substitute for his normal stability and rootedness a senseless quest for power and movement, and to replace normal human feeling by a nervous excitability. The work of Nihilist Realism, in practice as in theory, has been parallel and complementary to that of Vitalism: a work of standardization, specialization, simplification, mechanization, dehumanization; its effect has been to ""reduce"" the individual to the most ""Primitive"" and basic level, to make him in fact the slave of his environment, the perfect workman in Lenin's worldwide ""factory."	philosophy
The zipper displaces the button and a man lacks just that much time to think while dressing at dawn, a philosophical hour, and thus a melancholy hour.	philosophy
Keep me away from the wisdom which does not cry, the philosophy which does not laugh and the greatness which does not bow before children.	philosophy
We don't have dealings. He just stalks me. I'm popular like that.	sarcasm
You don't seem mad at all,' she said.  But I am, although I'm undergoing a cure, because my problem is that I lack a particular chemical. However, while I hope that the chemical gets rid of my chronic depression, I want to continue being mad, living life the way I dream it, and not the way other people want it to be. Do you know what exists out there, beyond the walls of Villete?	philosophy
She'd met Colin on a Monday. She'd kissed him on a Friday. Twelve years later. She sighed. It seemed fairly pathetic.	sarcasm
Live like a tree, giving, forgiving and free.	philosophy
I don't know why we are here, but I'm pretty sure that it is not in order to enjoy ourselves.	philosophy
But understanding will always require some effort. You probably wouldn't admire a friend who was good at everything if it cost her no effort.	philosophy
The shame of being a man - is there any better reason to write?	philosophy
And your neihjbour is sitting next door weeping as she watches her child facing a crowd of Palestiniankids armed with rocks which could take your boy's eye out or give him brain damage if god forbids he took off his helmet one of those dusty stones hit him in the head	sarcasm
"Picture a place called the Karma Kafe and it'll save me the bother of describing it. There was nothing in it you wouldn't expect, from the Buddha flowerpots to the wallpaper decorated with symbols that probably said, ""If you bought this just because it looked pretty, may Buddha piss in your coffee, you culturally ignorant moron."	sarcasm
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed, citizens can change the world. Indeed, it is the only thing that ever has.	philosophy
If you're gonna burn a bridge behind you, make sure you've crossed it first.	philosophy
Television's perfect. You turn a few knobs, a few of those mechanical adjustments at which the higher apes are so proficient, and lean back and drain your mind of all thought. And there you are watching the bubbles in the primeval ooze. You don't have to concentrate. You don't have to react. You don't have to remember. You don't miss your brain because you don't need it. Your heart and liver and lungs continue to function normally. Apart from that, all is peace and quiet. You are in the man's nirvana. And if some poor nasty minded person comes along and says you look like a fly on a can of garbage, pay him no mind. He probably hasn't got the price of a television set.	philosophy
We are the inheritors of a wonderful world, a beautiful world, full of life and mystery, goodness and pain. But likewise are we the children of an indifferent universe. We break our own hearts imposing our moral order on what is, by nature, a wide web of chaos.	philosophy
What man needs is not just the persistent posing of ultimate questions, but the sense of what is feasible, what is possible, what is correct, here and now. The philosopher, of all people, must, I think, be aware of the tension between what he claims to achieve and the reality in which he finds himself.	philosophy
For, after all, how do we know that two and two make four? Or that the force of gravity works? Or that the past is unchangeable? If both the past and the external world exist only in the mind, and if the mind itself is controllable – what then?	philosophy
The square root of I is I.	philosophy
Our lives are part of a unique adventure... Nevertheless, most of us think the world is 'normal' and are constantly hunting for something abnormal--like angels or Martians. But that is just because we don't realize the world is a mystery. As for myself, I felt completely different. I saw the world as an amazing dream. I was hunting for some kind of explanation of how everything fit together.	philosophy
Sarcasm is when you tell someone the truth by lying on purpose.	sarcasm
Sorry if this little war’s inconvenienced you in any way,” Indris drawled. “I’ll try to schedule the next one with you in mind	sarcasm
Festivals and fasts are unhinged, traveling backward at a rate of ten days per year, attached to no season. Even Laylat ul Qadr, the holiest night in Ramadan, drifts--its precise date is unknown. The iconclasm laid down by Muhammed was absolute: you must resist attachment not only to painted images, but to natural ones. Ramadan, Muharram, the Eids; you associate no religious event with the tang of snow in the air, or spring thaw, or the advent of summer. God permeates these things--as the saying goes, Allah is beautiful, and He loves beauty--but they are transient. Forced to concentrate on the eternal, you begin to see, or think you see, the bones and sinews of the world beneath its seasonal flesh. The sun and moon become formidable clockwork. They are transient also, but hint at the dark planes that stretch beyond the earth in every direction, full of stars and dust, toward a retreating, incomprehensible edge	philosophy
If you were offered the chance to live your own life again, would you seize the opportunity? The only real philosophical answer is automatically self-contradictory: 'Only if I did not know that I was doing so.' To go through the entire experience once more would be banal and Sisyphean—even if it did build muscle—whereas to wish to be young again and to have the benefit of one's learned and acquired existence is not at all to wish for a repeat performance, or a Groundhog Day. And the mind ought to, but cannot, set some limits to wish-thinking. All right, same <em>me</em> but with more money, an even sturdier penis, slightly different parents, a briefer latency period… the thing is absurd. I seriously would like to know what it was to be a woman, but like blind Tiresias would also want the option of re-metamorphosing if I wished. How terrible it is that we have so many more desires than opportunities.	philosophy
Buffett does enjoy being a billionaire, but in offbeat ways. As he put it, though money cannot change your health or how many people love you, it lets you be in 'more interesting environments.	philosophy
We should forgive our enemies, but not before they are hanged	philosophy
Flexibility makes buildings to be stronger, imagine what it can do to your soul.	philosophy
The price we have paid for expecting to be so much more than our ancestors is a perpetual anxiety that we are far from being all we might be.	philosophy
I tell you: one must still have chaos in one, to give birth to a dancing star. I tell you: you have still chaos in you.	philosophy
If you spend time with crazy and dangerous people, remember – their personalities are socially transmitted diseases; like water poured into a container, most of us eventually turn into – or remain – whoever we surround ourselves with. We can choose our tribe, but we cannot change that our tribe is our destiny.﻿	philosophy
Any philosophy, whether of a religious or political nature - and sometimes the dividing line is hard to determine - fights less for the negative destruction of the opposing ideology than for the positive promotion of its own. Hence its struggle is less defensive than offensive. It therefore has the advantage even in determining the goal, since this goal represents the victory of its own idea, while, conversely,it is hard to determine when the negative aim of the destruction of a hostile doctrine may be regarded as achieved and assured. For this reason alone, the philosophy's offensive will be more systematic and also more powerful than the defensive against a philosophy, since here, too, as always, the attack and not the defence makes the decision. The fight against a spiritual power with methods of violence remains defensive, however, until the sword becomes the support,the herald and disseminator, of a new spiritual doctrine.	philosophy
Dearest Jessamin,  I have not had a letter from you in a month. (You are a terrible daughter.) I blame the slowness of the boats and hate the distance between us. (How could you leave me?)  Your cousin Jacabo responded to my inquiries after your well-being with only the vaguest of terms. (I threatened Jacky Boy if he did not update me on your life.) I take this to mean you have seen him regularly and have also forbidden him from updating me on your life in the big city. (Why are you spending your time with him when he is clearly not running in the right circles?)  How are your studies? Have you met anyone interesting? (Why have you not given me news of your father?)  I suspect you do not write because you have found someone. (Please, please tell me you have found someone.) I know it. (I beg the spirits for it each night.) A mother can feel these things. (I will drag you back to the island and force you into marriage if you do not take care of it yourself.) Please tell me whether he is of a good family and when I can expect happy tidings to share with my friends. (Do not do anything I cannot crow about to the neighbors.) I knew you would not be on your own for long. (Give me grandchildren. Soon.) Dear Henry has asked after you, though, so if you are lonely you know you have many options here. (I pestered Henry until he finally asked after you and took it as a sign he still wishes to marry you.)  Write me soon or I will perish for want of daughterly affection. (You are a terrible daughter.)  All my love, (All my love,)  Mama	sarcasm
Sitting still is a pain in the ass.	philosophy
Philosophy cannot be taught; it is the application of the sciences to truth.	philosophy
Astonishment is the root of philosophy.	philosophy
Sarcasm is a manifestation of anger, and anger can make you the puppet of your opponents.	sarcasm
"...he asked, ""Where are you today, right now?"" Eagerly, I started talking about myself. However, I noticed that I was still being sidetracked from getting answers to my questions. Still, I told him about my distant and recent past and about my inexplicable depressions. He listened patiently and intently, as if he had all the time in the world, until I finished several hours later. ""Very well,"" he said. ""But you still have not answered my question about where you are."" ""Yes I did, remember? I told you how I got to where I am today: by hard work."" ""Where are you?"" ""What do you mean, where am I?"" ""Where Are you?"" he repeated softly. ""I'm here."" ""Where is here?"" ""In this office, in this gas station!"" I was getting impatient with this game. ""Where is this gas station?"" ""In Berkeley?"" ""Where is Berkeley?"" ""In California?"" ""Where is California?"" ""In the United States?"" ""On a landmass, one of the continents in the Western Hemisphere. Socrates, I..."" ""Where are the continents? I sighed. ""On the earth. Are we done yet?"" ""Where is the earth?"" ""In the solar system, third planet from the sun. The sun is a small star in the Milky Way galaxy, all right?"" ""Where is the Milky Way?"" ""Oh, brother, "" I sighed impatiently, rolling my eyes. ""In the universe."" I sat back and crossed my arms with finality. ""And where,"" Socrates smiled, ""is the universe?"" ""The universe is well, there are theories about how it's shaped..."" ""That's not what I asked. Where is it?"" ""I don't know - how can I answer that?"" ""That is the point. You cannot answer it, and you never will. There is no knowing about it. You are ignorant of where the universe is, and thus, where you are. In fact, you have no knowledge of where anything is or of What anything is or how is came to be. Life is a mystery. ""My ignorance is based on this understanding. Your understanding is based on ignorance. This is why I am a humorous fool, and you are a serious jackass."	philosophy
There is something infantile in the presumption that somebody else has a responsibility to give your life meaning and point… The truly adult view, by contrast, is that our life is as meaningful, as full and as wonderful as we choose to make it.	philosophy
The more details, depth and thought you put into your ideas the more valuable they become.	philosophy
I am a citizen of the world.	philosophy
Sarcasm is the lowest form of wit.	sarcasm
By that which you kill are you bound.	philosophy
If your life is worth thinking about,it is worth writing about.	philosophy
Life is like yoga; the only way you can enjoy it is by relaxing into any position you happen to find yourself in.	philosophy
Suicidal glory is the luxury of the irresponsible.	philosophy
All the times I have suddenly realized that my parents are dead, even now, it still surprises me, to exist in the world while that which made me has ceased to exist.	philosophy
love make us poets, and the approach of death should make us philosophers.	philosophy
I was supposed to be waiting up here when you got back, only your Phoenix lot got in the way...” “Yes, they do that,” said Dumbledore.	sarcasm
One of the penalties of refusing to participate in politics is that you end up being governed by your inferiors.	philosophy
The only thing standing between you and your dreams is ... reluctance.	philosophy
A woman's weapon is her tongue.	sarcasm
La filosofía nos enseña a sentir incertidumbre ante las cosas que nos parecen evidentes. La propaganda, en cambio, nos enseña a aceptar como evidentes cosas sobre las que sería razonable suspender nuestro juicio o sentir dudas.	philosophy
[T]he development of man's intellectual capacities has far outstripped the development of his emotions. Man's brain lives in the twentieth century; the heart of most men lives still in the Stone Age. The majority of men have not yet acquired the maturity to be independent, to be rational, to be objective. They need myths and idols to endure the fact that man is all by himself, that there is no authority which gives meaning to life except man himself.	philosophy
Simplicity, patience, compassion. These three are your greatest treasures. Simple in actions and thoughts, you return to the source of being. Patient with both friends and enemies, you accord with the way things are. Compassionate toward yourself, you reconcile all beings in the world.	philosophy
Don't be ridiculous. Brussels sprouts are awful. Jail is just jail.	sarcasm
"Dear Producers,  Something is radiating deep within me and it must be transmitted or I will implode and the world will suffer a great loss, unawares. Epic are the proportions of my soul, yet without a scope who cares am I? This is why I must but must be one of the inhabitants of MTV's ""Real World."" Only there, burning brightly into a million dazzled eyes, will my as yet uncontoured self assume the beauteous forms that are not just its own, but an entire market niche's, due.   I am a Kirk Cameron-Kurt Cobain figure, roguishly quirky, dandified but down to earth, kooky but comprehensible; denizen of the growing penumbra between alternative and mainstream culture; angsty prophet of the already bygone apocalypse, yet upbeat, stylish and sexy!  Oscar Wilde wrote, ""Good artists exist in what they make, and consequently are perfectly uninteresting in what they are. A great poet, a really great poet, is the most unpoetical of all creatures. But inferior poets are absolutely fascinating... [they] live the poetry [they] cannot write."" As with Dorian Gray, life is my art! Oh MTV, take me, make me, wake me from my formless slumbers and place me in the dreamy Real World of target marketing."	sarcasm
Philosophy and science have not always been friendly toward the idea of God, the reason being they are dedicated to the task of accounting for things and are impatient with anything that refuses to give an account of itself. The philosopher and the scientist will admit that there is much that they do not know; but that is quite another thing from admitting there is something which they can never know, which indeed they have no technique for discovering.	philosophy
It is the philosophers, theologians, and evangelists who are said to be filled with pride and bigotry due to the strong convictions that they represent. On the contrary, teachings can be either taken or dismissed; whereas voting is the only thing the average person can do to force everyone to live how they would prefer. A simple vote is among the largest yet most acceptable forms of bigotry, and that is because people play the card only when they feel that in doing so it conveniences themselves.	philosophy
She never saw the point of making fun of strangers – how could you possibly know enough about them to hit below the belt?	sarcasm
I have no doubt that they'll tell you a lot of kind things about me when my back is turned. They may not have been behind the door when God passed out the pretty faces, but Heaven only knows where they were when He divided up the gratitude.	sarcasm
Even if there is only one possible unified theory, it is just a set of rules and equations. What is it that breathes fire into the equations and makes a universe for them to describe? The usual approach of science of constructing a mathematical model cannot answer the questions of why there should be a universe for the model to describe. Why does the universe go to all the bother of existing?	philosophy
So it follows that those who have reason have freedom to will or not to will, although this freedom is not equal in all of them. [...] human souls are more free when they persevere in the contemplation of the mind of God, less free when they descend to the corporeal, and even less free when they are entirely imprisoned in earthly flesh and blood.	philosophy
Opinions alter, manners change, creeds rise and fall, but the moral law is written on the tablets of eternity.	philosophy
"Ah, Proph."" Tom paused. ""You did have a nightmare last night."" ""And here I thought maybe I dreamed it,"" Prophet muttered sarcastically."	sarcasm
A true philosopher must never give up.	philosophy
Resilience, thy name is Devine.	sarcasm
Yeah, and we could fly in on dragons and release a cloud of sugar plum fairies to tiptoe in an get the watch.	sarcasm
Those who educate children well are more to be honored than they who produce them; for these only gave them life, those the art of living well.	philosophy
Look back over the past, with its changing empires that rose and fell, and you can foresee the future too.	philosophy
Madness is something rare in individuals — but in groups, parties, peoples, and ages, it is the rule.	philosophy
The love of money is the root of all evil, therefore selfishness must be the seed.	philosophy
While I was an honorable man in her eyes, she did not love me. But the minute she understood what I was, when she breathed the true and foul odor of my soul, love was born in her – for she does love me! Well, well! There is nothing real, then, except evil.	philosophy
Treaty with Tripoli, Art. 11. As the Government of the United States of America is not, in any sense, founded on the Christian religion;	philosophy
Any game where the goal is to build territory has to be beautiful. There may be phases of combat, but they are only means to an end, to allow your territory to survive. One of the most extraordinary aspects of the game of go is that it has been proven that in order to win, you must live, but you must also allow the other player to live. Players who are too greedy will lose: it is a subtle game of equilibrium, where you have to get ahead without crushing the other player. In the end, life and death are only the consequences of how well or how poorly you have made your construction. This is what one of Taniguchi's characters says: you live, you die, these are consequences. It's a proverb for playing go, and for life.	philosophy
Your comfort zone is a place where you keep yourself in a self-illusion and nothing can grow there but your potentiality can grow only when you can think and grow out of that zone.	philosophy
Every great cause begins as a movement, becomes a business, and eventually degenerates into a racket.	philosophy
"She said, ""You're a warrior. So how do you kill without rage?"" ""In compassion. Because of necessity."" Hrahima set the empty water bowl back in Samarkar's hands. ""The same way you carry water."	philosophy
Education is a change of mind, an acceptance, and an assimilation.	philosophy
"Some day people will ask me what is the key to my success...and I will simply say, ""good Karma."	philosophy
Sometimes, in a summer morning, having taken my accustomed bath, I sat in my sunny doorway from sunrise till noon, rapt in a revery, amidst the pines and hickories and sumachs, in undisturbed solitude and stillness, while the birds sing around or flitted noiseless through the house, until by the sun falling in at my west window, or the noise of some traveller's wagon on the distant highway, I was reminded of the lapse of time. I grew in those seasons like corn in the night, and they were far better than any work of the hands would have been. They were not time subtracted from my life, but so much over and above my usual allowance. I realized what the Orientals mean by contemplation and the forsaking of works. For the most part, I minded not how the hours went. The day advanced as if to light some work of mine; it was morning, and lo, now it is evening, and nothing memorable is accomplished.	philosophy
Man is an end in himself.	philosophy
Happiness is a very pretty thing to feel, but very dry to talk about.	philosophy
If chance be the Father of all flesh,  Disaster is his rainbow in the sky,  And when you hear  State of Emergency!  Sniper Kills Ten!  Troops on Rampage!  Whites go Looting!  Bomb Blasts School!  It is but the sound of man worshiping his maker.	philosophy
Believe in human beings - not all are good, but deep down all can be. But that doesn't mean you need to hang around crappy people and try to turn them around.	philosophy
There are no bad words. Bad thoughts. Bad intentions, and wooooords.	philosophy
If just one of [those people] experiences life as a crazy adventure--and I mean that he, or she, experiences this every single day... Then he or she is a joker in a pack of cards.	philosophy
There is a perennial classical question that asks which part of the motorcycle, which grain of sand in which pile, is the Buddha. Obviously to ask that question is to look in the wrong direction, for the Buddha is everywhere. But just as obviously to ask the question is to look in the right direction, for the Buddha is everwhere.	philosophy
They [Nazi captors]had more liberty, more options to choose from in their environment; but he [Viktor Frankl] had more freedom, more internal power to exercise his options.	philosophy
"Yes. Reyn is our resident horse master. He has an excellent seat."" I grinned. ""I've noticed."" Reyn's face tightened and Nell flushed, looking embarrassed. ""It's an equestrian term."" ""Really? I thought you were talking about his ass."	sarcasm
...as I get older, I find myself insisting on my right to be philosophically sloppy.	philosophy
Dreams have only one owner at a time. That's why dreamers are lonely.	philosophy
Maybe man is nothing in particular,' Cross said gropingly. 'Maybe that's the terror of it. Man may be just anything at all. And maybe man deep down suspects this, really knows this, kind of dreams that it is true; but at the same time he does not want really to know it? May not human life on this earth be a kind of frozen fear of man at what he could possibly be? And every move he makes might not these moves be just to hide this awful fact? To twist it into something which he feels would make him rest and breathe a little easier? What man is is perhaps too much to be borne by man...	philosophy
There may be some truth (atheists) do not need to believe in a god to be good, but then if they do not believe in a god, who do they believe gives the Universal Law of following good and shunning evil? Obviously, mankind. But then that is a dangerous thing, for if a man does not believe in a god capable of giving perfect laws, he is in the position of declaring all laws come from man, and as man is imperfect, he can declare that as fallible men make imperfect laws, he can pick and choose what he wishes to follow, that which, in his own mind seems good. He does not believe in divine retribution, therefore he can also declare his own morality contrary to what the divine may decree simply because he believes there is no divine decree. He may follow his every whim and passion, declaring it to be good when it may be very evil, for he like all men is imperfect, so how can he tell what is verily good? The atheist is in danger of mistaking vice for good and consequently follow another slave master and tyrant, his own physical and mental weakness. Evil would be wittingly or unwittingly perpetrated, therefore, to recognise the existence of a perfect divine being that gives perfect Universal Laws is much better than not to believe in a god, for if there is a perfect god, they will not allow their laws to be broken with impunity as in the case with many corrupt judges on earth, but will punish accordingly in due time. Therefore, to be pious and reverent is the surest path to true freedom as a perfect god will give perfect laws to prevent all manner of slavery, tyranny and moral wantonness, even if we do not understand why they are good laws at times.	philosophy
"If your leg is in a cast, it's really dumb to sit in front of your computer doing unnecessary stuff with it hanging down. Your leg will swell and heal slower, if at all. When you go to your doctor, he/she will give you one of those ""you're really dumb and self destructive"" looks. Also, ""Why didn't you follow my orders and rest?"" Your doctor will be right, and so will mine at my next office visit. Elevate, folk! Elevate your mind, your soul, and your leg, in the order needed!"	philosophy
Nature is pleased with simplicity. And nature is no dummy	philosophy
Believe me there is no such thing as great suffering, great regret, great memory....everything is forgotten, even a great love. That's what's sad about life, and also what's wonderful about it. There is only a way of looking at things, a way that comes to you every once in a while. That's why it's good to have had love in your life after all, to have had an unhappy passion- it gives you an alibi for the vague despairs we all suffer from.	philosophy
For axioms in philosophy are not axioms until they are proved upon our pulses.	philosophy
Sin is a gravitation.	philosophy
Art is whatever you can get away with.	philosophy
Hhhmm. A sense of humor.” He cocked his head to the side. “That actually might annoy me.” She frowned, ignoring the teasing sound to that oh-so-low voice and, with heavy sarcasm answered, “Oh, well, that’ll keep me up nights.	sarcasm
That’s the thing about love  It can take you up to the mountaintop and can drop you  And the impact will either kill you or make you a new person	philosophy
It ain't no broken.	philosophy
The price good men pay for indifference to public affairs is to be ruled by evil men.	philosophy
Whoever will be free must make himself free. Freedom is no fairy gift to fall into a man's lap. What is freedom? To have the will to be responsible for one's self.	philosophy
Across the board... Not junkies or freaks, but people who were just as comfortable with drugs like weed, booze, or coke as we are - and we're not weird, are we? Hell no, we're just overworked professionals who need to relax now and then, have a bit of the whoop and the giggle, right?	philosophy
"It is culture that is the bully.""  Orn Ald yos'Senchul to Theo Waitley, <em>Saltation</em>"	philosophy
If the meaning of life has become doubtful, if one's relations to others and to oneself do not offer security, then fame is one means to silence one's doubts. It has a function to be compared with that of the Egyptian pyramids or the Christian faith in immortality: it elevates one's individual life from its limitations and instability to the plane of indestructability; if one's name is known to one's contemporaries and if one can hope that it will last for centuries, then one's life has meaning and significance by this very reflection of it in the judgments of others.	philosophy
You do not write your life with words...You write it with actions. What you think is not important. It is only important what you <em>do</em>.	philosophy
To all appearances he was just drifting. In actuality he was just drifting.	philosophy
I strive for perfection - I settle for satisfaction	philosophy
The one plentiful herds of magazine writers would continue to be culled - by the Internet, by the recession, by the American public, who would rather watch TV or play video games or electronically inform friends that, like, 'rain sucks!' But there's no app for a bourbon buzz on a warm day in a cool, dark bar. The world will always want a drink.	sarcasm
Judging from the unfamiliar number, I assumed the text came from Shannon. If not, I would see who came by my house at 4:30 and go with it. Maybe it would be Mr. Darcy coming to pick me up in an extravagant horse-drawn carriage, but I couldn’t picture Mr. Darcy using a cell phone.	sarcasm
Despite its successes, in the end, philosophical thinking always falls short of its real goal. It involves both the wonder of aspiring toward the Truth and the distress of falling short of that Truth. In this way, philosophy can be characterized as wondrous distress.	philosophy
How very paltry and limited the normal human intellect is, and how little lucidity there is in the human consciousness, may be judged from the fact that, despite the ephemeral brevity of human life, the uncertainty of our existence and the countless enigmas which press upon us from all sides, everyone does not continually and ceaselessly philosophize, but that only the rarest of exceptions do.	philosophy
You may tend to get cancer from the thing that makes you want to smoke so much, not from the smoking itself.	philosophy
Are you not ashamed of caring so much for the making of money and for fame and prestige, when you neither think nor care about wisdom and truth and the improvement of your soul?	philosophy
The more he identifies with the dominant images of need, the less he understands his own life and his own desires. The spectacle’s estrangement from the acting subject is expressed by the fact that the individual’s gestures are no longer his own; they are the gestures of someone else who represents them to him.	philosophy
"As a rule, we don't like to feel to sad or lonely or depressed. So why do we like music (or books or movies) that evoke in us those same negative emotions? Why do we choose to experience in art the very feelings we avoid in real life?  Aristotle deals with a similar question in his analysis of tragedy. Tragedy, after all, is pretty gruesome. […] There's Sophocles's Oedipus, who blinds himself after learning that he has killed his father and slept with his mother. Why would anyone watch this stuff? Wouldn't it be sick to enjoy watching it? […] Tragedy's pleasure doesn't make us feel ""good"" in any straightforward sense. On the contrary, Aristotle says, the real goal of tragedy is to evoke pity and fear in the audience. Now, to speak of the pleasure of pity and fear is almost oxymoronic. But the point of bringing about these emotions is to achieve catharsis of them - a cleansing, a purification, a purging, or release. Catharsis is at the core of tragedy's appeal."	philosophy
Love is our most unifying and empowering common spiritual denominator. The more we ignore its potential to bring greater balance and deeper meaning to human existence, the more likely we are to continue to define history as one long inglorious record of man’s inhumanity to man.	philosophy
"Maybe that's it, [...] [w]ith what you were talking about before. The world being broken. Maybe it isn't that we're supposed to find the pieces and put them back together. Maybe <em>we're</em> the pieces."" [...] ""Maybe [...] what we're supposed to do is come together. That's how we stop the breaking."	philosophy
I hold strongly to this: that it is better to be impetuous than circumspect; because fortune is a woman and if she is to be submissive it is necessary to beat and coerce her.	philosophy
A nation is a detour of nature to arrive at five or six great men- yes, and then to get around them.	philosophy
…questioning the existence of God may begin because of one’s sense of disappointment rather than because of a line of reasoning. Disappointment can bring disillusionment, and disillusionment can get quite a grip on us. It may be the case that, next to the grip of disillusionment, whatever reasons we can think of to believe that God exists or that God is good will appear weak. So sometimes the reason we do not believe or the reason we stop believing is not the intellectual challenge to believing in God. Sometimes, the grip of disillusionment cannot be matched by things that seem to be only abstract or theoretical.	philosophy
What then is truth? A movable host of metaphors, metonymies, and anthropomorphisms: in short, a sum of human relations which have been poetically and rhetorically intensified, transferred, and embellished, and which, after long usage, seem to a people to be fixed, canonical, and binding. Truths are illusions which we have forgotten are illusions — they are metaphors that have become worn out and have been drained of sensuous force.	philosophy
You know, sarcasm is the lowest form of wit.' 'And yet it is still extremely funny.	sarcasm
If it turns out that there is a God...the worst that you can say about him is that basically he's an underachiever.	philosophy
I am what some would say 'holy, and wholly other than you.' The problem is that many folks try to grasp some sense of who I am by taking the best version of themselves, projecting that to the nth degree, factoring in all the goodness they can perceive, which often isn't much, and then call that God. And while it may seem like a noble effort, the truth is that it falls pitifully short of who I really am. I'm not merely the best version of you that you can think of. I am far more than that, above and beyond all that you can ask or think.	philosophy
Trust your instincts. Follow your heart.	philosophy
There's no greater show on earth than observing human nature	philosophy
If walls could talk - scratch that, if walls could make sarcastic comments... well, things would be interesting.	sarcasm
I have gone around observing your activities from the outside. Because of this I have also been able to see things to which you have been blind... Every morning you have gone to work, but you have never been fully awake. Of course, you have seen the sun and the moon, the stars in the sky, and everything that moves, but you haven't really seen it at all. It is different for the Joker, because he was put into this world with a flaw: He sees too clearly and too much.	philosophy
The point of modernity is to live a life without illusions while not becoming disillusioned	philosophy
"You his brother?'  'Yes, damn it!' I burst out. ""And all I want is to get my hands on whoever did this to him!'  'Funny,' said a dick dryly, 'but so do we.'  I didn't like him much after that. Sarcasm is out of place when a man has just been brought face to face with personal tragedy.  (""Walls That Hear You"")"	sarcasm
...but the ones who go posing as moralists are the worst. Cost-free morals. Full of great ways for others to improve without any expense to themselves. There's an ego thing in there, too. They use the morals to make someone else look inferior and that way look better themselves. It doesn't matter what the moral code is -- religious morals, political morals, racist morals, capitalist morals, feminist morals, hippie morals -- they're all the same. The moral codes change but the meanness and the egotism stay the same.	philosophy
The map is not the territory.	philosophy
Mother used to say that however miserable one is, there’s always something to be thankful for. And each morning, when the sky brightened and light began to flood my cell, I agreed with her.	philosophy
In a traditional German toilet, the hole into which shit disappears after we flush is right at the front, so that shit is first laid out for us to sniff and inspect for traces of illness. In the typical French toilet, on the contrary, the hole is at the back, i.e. shit is supposed to disappear as quickly as possible. Finally, the American (Anglo-Saxon) toilet presents a synthesis, a mediation between these opposites: the toilet basin is full of water, so that the shit floats in it, visible, but not to be inspected. [...] It is clear that none of these versions can be accounted for in purely utilitarian terms: each involves a certain ideological perception of how the subject should relate to excrement. Hegel was among the first to see in the geographical triad of Germany, France and England an expression of three different existential attitudes: reflective thoroughness (German), revolutionary hastiness (French), utilitarian pragmatism (English). In political terms, this triad can be read as German conservatism, French revolutionary radicalism and English liberalism. [...] The point about toilets is that they enable us not only to discern this triad in the most intimate domain, but also to identify its underlying mechanism in the three different attitudes towards excremental excess: an ambiguous contemplative fascination; a wish to get rid of it as fast as possible; a pragmatic decision to treat it as ordinary and dispose of it in an appropriate way. It is easy for an academic at a round table to claim that we live in a post-ideological universe, but the moment he visits the lavatory after the heated discussion, he is again knee-deep in ideology.	philosophy
"Hence the great irony: Hayek, one of the greatest champions of individual liberty and economic freedom the world has ever known, believed that knowledge was communal. Dewey, the champion of socialism and collectivism, believed that knowledge was individual. Hayek's is a philosophy that treats individuals as the best judges of their own self-interests, which in turn yield staggering communal cooperation. Dewey's was the philosophy of a giant, Monty Pythonesque crowd shouting on cue: ""We're All Individuals!"	philosophy
I take no pride in hopeless longing; I wouldn't hold a stillborn aspiration. I'd want to have it, to make it, to live it.	philosophy
Love delayed is lust augmented.	philosophy
To ridicule philosophy is really to philosophize.	philosophy
God gives us not only the truth but also the ability to believe it; not only the new thing to see but also the new eye to see it with.	philosophy
the body is wiser than its inhabitants. the body is the soul. the body is god’s messenger.	philosophy
I do not think that tragedy is our natural fate and I do not live in chronic dread of disaster. It is no happiness, but suffering that I consider unnatural. It is not success, but calamity that I regard as the abnormal exception in Human Life.	philosophy
Ideas improve. The meaning of words participates in the improvement. Plagiarism is necessary. Progress implies it. It embraces an author's phrase, makes use of his expressions, erases a false idea, and replaces it with the right idea.	philosophy
Pay attention to me.	philosophy
...the only way to judge a philosophy is to examine the lives of those who live it.	philosophy
Never let your uniqueness be compromised	philosophy
A woman is soft, kind, and loving. When you are in danger, she is always ready to sacrifice herself to save you. So never forget to respect her.	philosophy
The philosopher whose dealings are with divine order himself acquires the characteristics of order and divinity.	philosophy
I do not know how to teach philosophy without becoming a disturber of the peace.	philosophy
...when dogma enters the brain, all intellectual activity ceases.	philosophy
A philosopher is a lover of wisdom, not of knowledge, which for all its great uses ultimately suffers from the crippling effect of ephemerality. All knowledge is transient linked to the world around it and subject to change as the world changes, whereas wisdom, true wisdom is eternal immutable. To be philosophical one must love wisdom for its own sake, accept its permanent validity and yet its perpetual irrelevance. It is the fate of the wise to understand the process of history and yet never to shape it.	philosophy
I would not think that philosophy and reason themselves will be man's guide in the foreseeable future; however, they will remain the most beautiful sanctuary they have always been for the select few.	philosophy
This intriguing 'somewhere else,' where intelligence no longer matters and awareness melts away, commands us to cherish our remains of innocence -- because of all the characteristics of human nature, the richest by far is passion for the perfectly useless.	philosophy
It's harder to make the glass than break the glass.	philosophy
And yet we have what purports, or professes, or is claimed, to be a contract—the Constitution—made eighty years ago, by men who are now all dead, and who never had any power to bind us, but which (it is claimed) has nevertheless bound three generations of men, consisting of many millions, and which (it is claimed) will be binding upon all the millions that are to come; but which nobody ever signed, sealed, delivered, witnessed, or acknowledged; and which few persons, compared with the whole number that are claimed to be bound by it, have ever read, or even seen, or ever will read, or see.	philosophy
He who writes well runs the civilization. Everyone else does the grunt work.	philosophy
The Bibbidi Bobbidi Beautiful boutique, the name filled me with dread.	sarcasm
É muito mais lisonjeiro,(...)lutar-se por alguma coisa bela e ideal e saber ao mesmo tempo que não se conseguirá alcançá-la. Os ideais serão algo que se possa alcançar? Viveremos para cabar com a morte? Não, viveremos para temê-la e também para amá-la, e precisamente por causa da morte é que nossa vida vez por outra resplandece tão radiosa num belo instante.	philosophy
The philosophers have only <em>interpreted</em> the world, in various ways. The point, however, is to <em>change</em> it.  [<em>These words are also inscribed upon his grave</em>]	philosophy
I have made a ceaseless effort not to ridicule, not to bewail, not to scorn human actions, but to understand them.	philosophy
Words are made for a certain exactness of thought, as tears are for a certain degree of pain. What is least distinct cannot be named; what is clearest is unutterable.	philosophy
If you ever find yourself in the wrong story, leave.	philosophy
The summer's flower is to the summer sweet Though to itself it only live and die	philosophy
Life... is a paradise to what we fear of death.	philosophy
It does not follow, because our ancestors made so many errors of fact and mixed them with their religion, that we should therefore leave off being religious at all. By being religious we establish ourselves in possession of ultimate reality at the only points at which reality is given us to guard. Our responsible concern is with our private destiny, after all.	philosophy
"Chiron had said once that nations were the most foolish of mortal inventions. ""No man is worth more than another, wherever he is from."" ""But what if he is your friend?"" Achilles had asked him, feet kicked up on the wall of the rose-quartz cave. ""Or your brother? Should you treat him the same as a stranger?"" ""You ask a question that philosophers argue over,"" Chiron had said. He is worth more to you, perhaps. But the stranger is someone else's friend and brother. So which life is more important?"" We had been silent. We were fourteen, and these things were too hard for us. Now that we are twenty-seven, they still feel too hard. He is half of my soul, as the poets say. He will be dead soon, and his honor is all that will remain. It is his child, his dearest self. Should I reproach him for it? I have saved Briseis. I cannot save them all.  I know, now, how I would answer Chiron. I would say: there is no answer. Whichever you choose, you are wrong."	philosophy
"... — what do I need philosophy for?"" My answer is: In order to be able to deal with concrete, particular, real-life problems — i.e., in order to be able to live on earth."	philosophy
Just because it looks like a leprechaun and talks like a leprechaun, it doesn't mean it can't act like the little fucking demon it is.	sarcasm
But nowhere in the file had anyone said, “Oh, and by the way, he runs like a gazelle with an espresso addiction.” At least not in the parts I’d skimmed.	sarcasm
To believe in nothing is as ridiculous as to believe in everything. Reason and factual evidence may convert a belief into knowledge.	philosophy
It doesn't seem to me that this fantastically marvelous universe, this tremendous range of time and space and different kinds of animals, and all the different planets, and all these atoms with all their motions, and so on, all this complicated thing can merely be a stage so that God can watch human beings struggle for good and evil - which is the view that religion has. The stage is too big for the drama.	philosophy
Congress should make it so that all sex scenes in all films should be provided with a screaming baby sound track. That should help take away all the fun and may show a major decrease in unwanted pregnancies without having to provide birth control to anyone.	sarcasm
Perhaps what I am about to say will appear strange to you gentlemen, socialists, progressives, humanitarians as you are, but I never worry about my neighbor, I never try to protect society which does not protect me -- indeed, I might add, which generally takes no heed of me except to do me harm -- and, since I hold them low in my esteem and remain neutral towards them, I believe that society and my neighbor are in my debt.	philosophy
His long wait is almost done. I am sending Balon Swann to Sunspear, to deliver him the head of Gregor Clegane.” Ser Balon would have another task as well, but that part was best left unsaid. “Ah.” Ser Harys Swyft fumbled at his funny little beard with thumb and forefinger. “He is dead then? Ser Gregor?” “I would think so, my lord,” Aurane Waters said dryly. “I am told that removing the head from the body is often mortal.	sarcasm
Grown-ups never understand anything by themselves, and it is tiresome for children to be always and forever explaining things to them	philosophy
To conquer oneself is the best and noblest victory; to be vanquished by one's own nature is the worst and most ignoble defeat.	philosophy
He who is in harmony with the Tao is like a newborn child. Its bones are soft, its muscles are weak, but its grip is powerful. It doesn't know about the union of male and female, yet its penis can stand erect, so intense is its vital power. It can scream its head off all day, yet it never becomes hoarse, so complete is its harmony.  The Master's power is like this. He lets all things come and go effortlessly, without desire. He never expects results; thus he is never disappointed. He is never disappointed; thus his spirit never grows old.	philosophy
The easy confidence with which I know another man's religion is folly teaches me to suspect that my own is also.	philosophy
"Yes!"" Belen raises his fist in a victory gesture. ""We shall save the world from Invierne with slings!"	sarcasm
You not only are hunted by others, you unknowingly hunt yourself.	philosophy
The pity of it was that this discovery, if such it was, now seemed so stale, so profitless to me. What good was it? What good did thinking ever do?	philosophy
I can be quite sarcastic when I'm in the mood.	sarcasm
"We had and incident. I took care of it."" ""Really."" Jace's voice dripped sarcasm. ""Do you even know how to use that knife, Clarissa? Without poking a hole in yourself or any innocent bystanders?"	sarcasm
Pizza vs. Internet Porn  I'm still debating whether  pizza or internet porn  is the best thing ever invented. I've already jack-off three times  while eating a double-cheese pepperoni pie making my careful deliberations.	philosophy
He died that day because his body had served its purpose. His soul had done what it came to do, learned what it came to learn, and then was free to leave.	philosophy
Was he hitting some type of werewolf midlife crisis? First, he'd left Wolf Town, and now he was envisioning a mate. What next? Bird watching? Board games? Retirement homes?	sarcasm
I think I am, therefore, I am... I think.	philosophy
How charming is divine Philosophy!  Not harsh, and crabbed as dull fools suppose,  But musical as is Apollo's lute,  And a perpetual feast of nectar'd sweets,  Where no crude surfet raigns.	philosophy
Maybe we should always start everything from the inside and work to the outside, and not from the outside to the inside. What d'you think?	philosophy
Fall in Love in Fall {Couplet}  It would be more befitting to fall in love in the fall, for the leave's colorful dance of death, augurs the long haul.	philosophy
Congress shall make no law abridging the freedom of production and trade...	philosophy
Ethics is a dream.	philosophy
I tried to make my life colorful with basic colors Red, Green and Blue....... ohh god... my perfection in blending made it white !!! now again confused…. should go with :( or :)	philosophy
Tis the wink of an eye, 'tis the draught of a breath, From the blossom of health to the paleness of death, From the gilded saloon to the bier and the shroud- Oh! why should the spirit of mortal be proud?	philosophy
I am quite scandalous, you see. I come packaged with unpredictable moments, brutal honesty, calamitous outbursts, the ghastly need for love, a fiendish lack of filter, the horrific need to question everything, nauseating affection, offensive kindness, indecent spirituality, obscene beauty, monstrous creativity, barbaric embellishments, contemptuous passion, sinful childhood traumas, unscrupulous hobbies, vexatious caring, abominable sensitivity, reprehensible humor, hideous sarcasm, displeasing feelings, unpalatable confidence, offensive compassion, villainous inspiration and a devilish wit. I am quite grotesque in my imperfectness and I am not ashamed to admit it.	sarcasm
Decorate your birthday with love and memories not with years.	philosophy
Collectivism is the best solution for a society in harmony. It will be a success when you find a living being, plant or microorganism that it can be applied to.	sarcasm
Between natural ability and education choose natural ability, as it will keep you happy and will fetch you the glory sooner.	philosophy
Ideas are the source of all things	philosophy
Atheism is a way of humility. It's to think oneself to be an animal, as we are actually and to allow oneself to become human.	philosophy
Two things are infinite: the universe and human stupidity; and I'm not sure about the universe.	philosophy
…believing sarcasm and rude remarks kept the monsters at bay. They didn’t.	sarcasm
Two thousand years and I’ve never met anyone so stubborn.	sarcasm
Snow floated down every once in a while, but it was frail snow, like a memory fading into the distance.	philosophy
I am often thought of as being remarkably bright, and yet my brains, more often than not, are busily devising new and interesting ways of bringing my enemies to sudden, gagging, writhing, agonizing death.	sarcasm
"Yes"", she said her voice dripping with sarcasm. ""That's exactly what I'm saying, in fact let's try sex again."" She leaped to her feet and torn open her jeans. ""Maybe my magic vagina will cure you of all the traumatic acts my family has inflected on you."	sarcasm
They will say that I, having no literary skill, cannot properly express that which I desire to treat of, but they do not know that my subjects are to be dealt with by experience rather than by words. And [experience] has been the mistress of those who wrote well. And so, as mistress, I will cite her in all cases. Though I may not, like them, be able to quote other authors, I shall rely on that which is much greater and more worthy: on experience, the mistress of their masters.	philosophy
My desire and wish is that the things I start with should be so obvious that you wonder why I spend my time stating them. This is what I aim at because the point of philosophy is to start with something so simple as not to seem worth stating, and to end with something so paradoxical that no one will believe it.	philosophy
All things of the body stream away like a river, all things of the mind are dreams and delusion; life is warfare, and a visit to a strange land; the only lasting fame is oblivion.	philosophy
Thus I assume that to each according to his threat advantage is not a conception of justice.	philosophy
The pianokeys are black and white but they sound like a million colors in your mind	philosophy
If you think life is magical or life is hard, either way you are right. Your thoughts are the source of reality.	philosophy
Take it moment by moment, and you will find that we are all, as I’ve said before, bugs in amber.	philosophy
"Don't just say you have read books. Show that through them you have learned to think better, to be a more discriminating and reflective person. Books are the training weights of the mind. They are very helpful, but it would be a bad mistake to suppose that one has made progress simply by having internalized their contents."" Translation by Sharon Lebell"	philosophy
Philosophizing is simply one way of being afraid, a cowardly pretense that doesn't get you anywhere.	philosophy
Philosophy is common sense with big words.	philosophy
A scientist may not be sure of the answer, but he's often sure he can find one. And that's a condition which is clearly not enjoyed by philosophy.	philosophy
My view is that if your philosophy is not unsettled daily then you are blind to all the universe has to offer.	philosophy
I try--without success--to stop finding reasons for vanity in anything. When I happen to manage it nonetheless, I feel that I no longer belong to the mortal gang. I am above everything then, above the gods themselves. Perhaps that is what death is: a sensation of great, of extreme superiority.	philosophy
"Malachi scowled. ""I don't remember the Clave inviting you into the Glass City, Magnus Bane."" ""They didn't,"" Magnus said. ""Your wards are down."" ""Really?"" the Consul's voice dripped sarcasm. ""I hadn't noticed."" Magnus looked concerned. ""That's terrible. Someone should have told you."" He glanced at Luke. ""Tell him the wards are down."	sarcasm
Kita melahirkan dan dilahirkan oleh sebuah jiwa yang tidak kita kenal Kita adalah teka-teki yang tak teterka oleh siapa pun.  Kita adalah dongeng yang terperangkap dalam khayalannya sendiri. Kita adalah apa yang terus berjalan tanpa pernah tiba pada pengertian	philosophy
Last night I was seriously considering whether I was a bisexual or not but I don’t think so though I’m not sure if I’d like to be and argh I don’t think there’s anything wrong with that, if you like a person, you like the person, not their genitals.	philosophy
"It's easy to make women happier and busier. How? Buy her a talking mirror beside bitching it has to be programmed to say, ""You are looking very beautiful and slimmer,"" at precisely every hour."	sarcasm
This primary question of life organization is immensely important. If making money is the main goal, a person can often forget what his or her true interests are or how he or she wants to deserve recognition from others. It is much more difficult to add on other values to a life that started out with just making money in mind than it is to make some personally interesting endeavor financially possible or even profitable.	philosophy
We...we could be friends.'  We COULD be rare specimens of an exotic breed of dancing African elephants, but we're not. At least, I'M not.	sarcasm
The power of death signifies that this real world can only have a neutral image of life, that life's intimacy does not reveal it's dazzling consumption until the moment it gives out.	philosophy
I’ve been surrounded by nitwits my entire life.	sarcasm
When your tears become invisible, disappear	philosophy
"Not all of Derrida's writing is to everyone's taste. He had an irritating habit of overusing the rhetorical question, which lends itself easily to parody: 'What is it, to speak? How can I even speak of this? Who is this ""I"" who speaks of speaking?"	philosophy
The challenge is to resist circumstances. Any idiot can be happy in a happy place, but moral courage is required to be happy in a hellhole.	philosophy
Cats don't need to be possessed; they're evil on their own.	philosophy
To study philosophy is nothing but to prepare one’s self to die.	philosophy
All actual life is encounter.	philosophy
i don't regret the difficulties I experienced; I think they help helped me to become the person I am today. i feel the way a warrior must feel after years of traning; he doesn't remember the details of everything he learned, but he knows how to strike when the time is right	philosophy
As an author, I like self-help, because clapping can be done by myself, for myself. I should buy gloves.	sarcasm
The greatest mystery the universe offers is not life but Size.	philosophy
Is it better to be loved or feared?	philosophy
"Fundamentally, therefore, any man can, even under such circumstances, decide what shall become of him-mentally and spiritually. He may retain his human dignity even in a concentration camp.   Dostoevski said once, ""There is only one thing that I dread: not to be worthy of my sufferings.""  These words frequently came to my mind after I became acquainted with those martyrs whose behavior in camp, whose suffering and death, bore witness to the fact that the last inner freedom cannot be lost. It can be said that they were worthy of their sufferings; the way they bore their suffering was a genuine inner achievement.   It is this spiritual freedom- which cannot be taken away- that makes life meaningful and purposeful."	philosophy
"You're just a huge romantic at heart, aren't you?"" ""If there's cash involved, I'm anything you want me to be."	sarcasm
"Why do you have a cigarette lighter in your glove compartment?"" her husband, Jack, asked her. ""I'm bored with knitting. I've taken up arson"	sarcasm
The occupational hazard of being a Playboy Bunny is the aching facial muscles brought on by obligatory smiles.	sarcasm
Between living and dreaming there is a third thing. Guess it.	philosophy
Cannibals? Who is not a cannibal? I tell you it will be more tolerable for the Fejee that salted down a lean missionary in his cellar against a coming famine; it will be more tolerable for that provident Fejee, I say, in the day of judgement, than for thee, civilized and enlightened gourmand, who nailest geese to the ground and feastest on their bloated livers in thy pate de fois gras.	philosophy
Mankind flung its advance agents ever outward, ever outward. Eventually it flung them out into space, into the colorless, tasteless, weightless sea of outwardness without end.   It flung them like stones.	philosophy
Hey,” he said.  “Hi.” Oh, damn. It was awkward. “What’re you doing?” “Shearing a sheep. It’s cold outside, and I need a new hat.” He paused. “You’re joking, right?” “Yes, Marshall.” I gnawed on my fingers some more and sunk back in my chair.	sarcasm
Under heaven all can see beauty as beauty only because there is ugliness. All can know good as good only because there is evil.	philosophy
God created philosophy for all the intellects that got bored of hearing the same bible stories every Sunday.	philosophy
"Yet even in the loneliness of the canyon I knew there were others like me who had brothers they did not understand but wanted to help. We are probably those referred to as ""our brother's keepers,"" possessed of one of the oldest and possible one of the most futile and certainly one of the most haunting instincts. It will not let us go."	philosophy
Fate isn’t one straight road…there are forks in it, many different routes to different ends. We have the free will to choose the path.	philosophy
We may be living past and future lives at the same time we are living this one.	philosophy
To establish that a rule is likely to be true, one must try to prove it false.	philosophy
When you realize there is something you don't understand, then you're generally on the right path to understanding all kinds of things.	philosophy
Can a woman not walk with her possessions down the street of a city?	philosophy
I understand your problem. I'd like to help you out; which way did you come in?	sarcasm
Without deviation from the norm, progress is not possible.	philosophy
Conner raised an eyebrow. 'Who told you that?'  'Well,' she said, not knowing how to describe what she experienced. 'Um . . . a <em>moth</em> did.'  Conner squinted at her and his mouth fell open. He was expecting a much better answer than that. 'A <em>moth</em> told you?'  'Yes -- but it wasn't a regular moth, it was more like an angel.'  '<em>An angel moth?</em>'  'Well, it came from somewhere in the stars. I think Grandma sent it.'  '<em>Grandma sent you an angel moth from outer space?</em>'  'Kind of! Anyway, the moth took me to a forest and then turned into a bunch of orbs that re-created a memory -- stop looking at me like that, Conner!	sarcasm
In the morning I bathe my intellect in the stupendous and cosmogonal philosophy of the Bhagvat Geeta, since whose composition years of the gods have elapsed, and in comparison with which our modern world and its literature seem puny and trivial; and I doubt if that philosophy is not to be referred to a previous state of existence, so remote is its sublimity from our conceptions. I lay down the book and go to my well for water, and lo! there I meet the servant of the Bramin, priest of Brahma and Vishnu and Indra, who still sits in his temple on the Ganges reading the Vedas, or dwells at the root of a tree with his crust and water jug. I meet his servant come to draw water for his master, and our buckets as it were grate together in the same well. The pure Walden water is mingled with the sacred water of the Ganges.	philosophy
"You know,"" Daddy said, ""it's some that can live their whole life out without asking about it and it's others has to know why it is, and this boy is one of the latters. He's going to be into everything!"	philosophy
In reality there are no separate events. Life moves along like water, it's all connected to the source of the river is connected to the mouth and the ocean.	philosophy
Do I have to get diapers?” he asked. “Why, did Kade shit himself?” she laughed. Dylan huffed loudly.  Eyebrows knitted together, “DO I NEED TO GET BOTTLES?” Jen rolled her eyes and shook her head as if he were crazy, “Don’t you think it’s too early to start drinking?  You just got up…” “IS THERE ANYTHING IN YOUR OVEN?” “I’M NOT BAKING ANYTHING, YOU MORON! WHY ARE YOU YELLING AT ME?” My God, you have surrounded me with idiots.	sarcasm
There is one thing, Emma, which a man can always do if he chooses, and that is his duty; not by manoeuvring and finessing, but by vigour and resolution. - Mr. Knightley	philosophy
Determine your destination, choose a path, now with all your heart start going there.	philosophy
Too bad. Game over. Insert new fucking quarter.	sarcasm
The ethos of redemption is realied in self-mastery, by means of temperance, that is, continence of desires.	philosophy
When another blames you or hates you, or people voice similar criticisms, go to their souls, penetrate inside and see what sort of people they are. You will realize that there is no need to be racked with anxiety that they should hold any particular opinion about you.	philosophy
Don't write to sell, write to tell.	philosophy
Metaphysics means nothing but an unusually obstinate effort to think clearly. The fundamental conceptions of psychology are practically very clear to us, but theoretically they are very confused, and one easily makes the obscurest assumptions in this science without realizing, until challenged, what internal difficulties they involve.	philosophy
In meetings philosophy might work, on the field practicality works.	philosophy
Hope burns eternal in the human heart.	philosophy
Freedom in capitalist society always remains about the same as it was in ancient Greek republics: Freedom for slave owners.	philosophy
"When any person harms you, or speaks badly of you, remember that he acts or speaks from a supposition of its being his duty. Now, it is not possible that he should follow what appears right to you, but what appears so to himself. Therefore, if he judges from a wrong appearance, he is the person hurt, since he too is the person deceived. For if anyone should suppose a true proposition to be false, the proposition is not hurt, but he who is deceived about it. Setting out, then, from these principles, you will meekly bear a person who reviles you, for you will say upon every occasion, ""It seemed so to him."" ...."	philosophy
Why do we think love is a magician? Because the whole power of magic consists in love. The work of magic is the attraction of one thing by another because of a certain affinity of nature.	philosophy
Out of love for mankind, and out of despair at my embarrassing situation, seeing that I had accomplished nothing and was unable to make anything easier than it had already been made, and moved by a genuine interest in those who make everything easy, I conceived it as my task to create difficulties everywhere.	philosophy
Really, nobody was there?” I asked. “Well, nobody important,” he said, putting his glasses back on and blinking.	philosophy
The debate was wearing me out. Once you've posed that question, it won't go away. I think many people kill themselves simply to stop the debate about whether they will or they won't. Anything I thought or did was immediately drawn into the debate. Made a stupid remark—why not kill myself? Missed the bus—better put an end to it all. Even the good got in there. I liked that movie—maybe I shouldn’t kill myself.	philosophy
There is a danger there - a very real danger to humanity. Consider, Watson, that the material, the sensual, the worldly would all prolong their worthless lives. The spiritual would not avoid the call to something higher. It would be the survival of the least fit. What sort of cesspool may not our poor world become?	philosophy
What am I doing here? The Southern Star has vanished, a Cataclyst is calling the moon out of time at the mythical Great Barrier, and you're asking what I'm doing here? Are you serious?	sarcasm
Although her disobedience is tragic, Eve’s innocence is not all bad. Certainly, that innocfence leads her to make a poor choice - the very worst - but the fact that she makes a choice at all, the fact that she engages the Devil in a debate which could go either way, the fact that she acts without God breathing down her neck - all speak for her free will or, what amounts to the same thing, her margin for error. It is from this margin for error that freedom springs, because you can’t be free to right unless you can be free to be wrong.	philosophy
I shiver, thinking how easy it is to be totally wrong about people-to see one tiny part of them and confuse it for the whole, to see the cause and think it's the effect or vice versa	philosophy
"We were in such good moods, we even decided to hit Todd's house for candy. Sam rang the doorbell, and when it opened, this hideous, rubber monster face roared at us. Sam screamed. Todd started laughing and took off the mask. I yelled, ""Put it back on! Put it back on! Your hideousness is terrifying!"" Todd did a fake yuk-yuk-yuk at my joke. ""What are you guys supposed to be? Is it Prom Night Massacre or something?"" Sam sighed at Todd's obvious stupidity. ""We're zombie princesses, Todd. Can't you tell?"" She stuck her arms straight out in front of her and said, ""BRAINS! BRAINS!"" I patted Sam on the head and said, ""Sorry, Sam. You're wasting your time with this one."	sarcasm
The awful thing is that if i can forget they're people, it will be no different at all	philosophy
Anything disguised as anything is chameleon. A ghost disguised as an unobservable and invisible object is a great example. Still, that’s easier to see than the love my ex wife had for me.	sarcasm
We are all atheists about most of the gods that humanity has ever believed in. Some of us just go one god further.	philosophy
Love' is the only weapon I have, I will defend with love, I will attack with love.	philosophy
Man is a mystery. It needs to be unravelled, and if you spend your whole life unravelling it, don't say that you've wasted time. I am studying that mystery because I want to be a human being.	philosophy
the serpent if it wants to become the dragon must eat itself.	philosophy
"I am in this same river. I can't much help it. I admit it: I'm racist. The other night I saw a group (or maybe a pack?) or white teenagers standing in a vacant lot, clustered around a 4x4, and I crossed the street to avoid them; had they been black, I probably would have taken another street entirely. And I'm misogynistic. I admit that, too. I'm a shitty cook, and a worse house cleaner, probably in great measure because I've internalized the notion that these are woman's work. Of course, I never admit that's why I don't do them: I always say I just don't much enjoy those activities (which is true enough; and it's true enough also that many women don't enjoy them either), and in any case, I've got better things to do, like write books and teach classes where I feel morally superior to pimps. And naturally I value money over life. Why else would I own a computer with a hard drive put together in Thailand by women dying of job-induced cancer? Why else would I own shirts mad in a sweatshop in Bangladesh, and shoes put together in Mexico? The truth is that, although many of my best friends are people of color (as the cliche goes), and other of my best friends are women, I am part of this river: I benefit from the exploitation of others, and I do not much want to sacrifice this privilege. I am, after all, civilized, and have gained a taste for ""comforts and elegancies"" which can be gained only through the coercion of slavery. The truth is that like most others who benefit from this deep and broad river, I would probably rather die (and maybe even kill, or better, have someone kill for me) than trade places with the men, women, and children who made my computer, my shirt, my shoes."	philosophy
Is there any knowledge in the world which is so certain that no reasonable man could doubt it?	philosophy
The stronger a culture, the less it fears the radical fringe. The more paranoid and precarious a culture, the less tolerance it offers.	philosophy
Is it better to go with the flow or let the flow go?	philosophy
"We must return to the first question of philosophy: ""Do we want the truth?""  We indict others when they ignore it or twist it to their own agendas. But do we honestly want the truth above all else, even when the truth will cost us, even when we must reverse our stance and run the risk of others' derision? Are we willing to radically change our lives in order to pursue it? Are we willing to change, to let go of lifelong, cherished, character-bound beliefs? Are we willing to pay?"	philosophy
For the survivor who chooses to testify, it is clear: his duty is to bear witness for the dead and for the living. He has no right to deprive future generations of a past that belongs to our collective memory. To forget would be not only dangerous but offensive; to forget the dead would be akin to killing them a second time.	philosophy
This is my simple religion. There is no need for temples; no need for complicated philosophy. Our own brain, our own heart is our temple; the philosophy is kindness.	philosophy
Discourse on virtue and they pass by in droves. Whistle and dance and shimmy, and you've got an audience!	philosophy
I desire to live in peace and to continue the life I have begun under the motto 'to live well you must live unseen	philosophy
Absurdity is one of the most human things about us: a manifestation of our most advanced and interesting characteristics.	philosophy
For any given problem, if there's a simple solution it will already have been applied. So, perhaps, the solution isn't as simple as you think.	philosophy
I should attempt to treat human vice and folly geometrically... the passions of hatred, anger, envy, and so on, considered in themselves, follow from the necessity and efficacy of nature... I shall, therefore, treat the nature and strength of the emotion in exactly the same manner, as though I were concerned with lines, planes, and solids.	philosophy
Asshole Proximity Disorder	philosophy
The discovery of what is true and the practice of that which is good are the two most important aims of philosophy.	philosophy
Imagine that you were on the threshold of this fairytale, sometime billions of years ago when everything was created. And you were able to choose whether you wanted to be born to a life on this planet at some point. You wouldn’t know when you were going to be born, nor how long you’d live for, but at any event it wouldn’t be more than a few years. All you’d know was that, if you chose to come into the world at some point, you’d also have to leave it again one day and go away from everything. This might cause you a good deal of grief, as lots of people think that life in the great fairytale is so wonderful that the mere thought of it ending can bring tears to their eyes. Things can be so nice here that it’s terribly painful to think that at some point the days will run out. What would you have chosen, if there had been some higher power that had gave you the choice? Perhaps we can imagine some sort of cosmic fairy in this great, strange fairytale. What you have chosen to live a life on earth at some point, whether short or long, in a hundred thousand or a hundred million years? Or would you have refused to join in the game because you didn’t like the rules? (...) I asked myself the same question maybe times during the past few weeks. Would I have elected to live a life on earth in the firm knowledge that I’d suddenly be torn away from it, and perhaps in the middle of intoxicating happiness? (...) Well, I wasn’t sure what I would have chosen. (...) If I’d chosen never to the foot inside the great fairytale, I’d never have known what I’ve lost. Do you see what I’m getting at? Sometimes it’s worse for us human beings to lose something dear to us than never to have had it at all.	philosophy
Why is a man with a knife after your blood? Who sent him? I would like to write the fellow a letter of thanks!	sarcasm
Not telling is just as interesting as telling I have found. Why speech, that short verbal journey from inside to outside can be excrutiating under certain circumstances is fascinating.	philosophy
I'm fully aware that some of the stuff I write is going to offend people or p*ss them off. They should be fully aware that I don't really care.	sarcasm
we are finite, in that we are a product and source of the infinite.	philosophy
Education is meaningless without manners	philosophy
Language disguises thought.	philosophy
Slice a pear and you will find that its flesh is incandescent white. It glows with inner light. Those who carry a knife and a pear are never afraid of the dark.	philosophy
In politics, the pen is at its heaviest because it is weighed down by the collective responsibility it holds towards its people and their future in the eyes of the world.	philosophy
When a fixed code of laws, which must be observed to the letter, leaves no further care to the judge than to examine the acts of citizens and to decide whether or not they conform to the law as written; then the standard of the just or the unjust, which is to be the norm of conduct for the ignorant as well as for the philosophic citizen, is not a matter of controversy but of fact; then only are citizens not subject to the petty tyrannies of the many which are the more cruel as the distance between the oppressed and the oppressor is less, and which are far more fatal than those of a single man, for the despotism of many can only be corrected by the despotism of one; the cruelty of a single despot is proportioned, not to his might, but to the obstacles he encounters.	philosophy
Every strike brings me closer to the next home run.	philosophy
Nothing is more visible than things hidden; Nothing is more manifest than things minute; Therefore, the superior man should be aware of his aloneness	philosophy
Some of us are looking at the stars, but all of us are living in the gutter.	sarcasm
See the moon? It hates us.	philosophy
He walked on in silence, the solitary sound of his footsteps echoing in his head, as in a deserted street, at dawn. His solitude was so complete, beneath a lovely sky as mellow and serene as a good conscience, amid that busy throng, that he was amazed at his own existence; he must be somebody else's nightmare, and whoever it was would certainly awaken soon.	philosophy
"Julio was willing to bet that Officer ""I've Seen It All"" Mac had never seen a horde of black-skinned demons wearing rags and armor and carrying swords and spears, dragging a naked woman and a chubby boy by a rope. No, he was willing to bet his left nut that even officer Mac had never seen such a thing."	sarcasm
And her dumplings were so light they would float in the air and you'd have to catch 'em to eat 'em.	sarcasm
The man who says that all events are necessitated has no ground for critizing the man who says that not all events are necessitated. For according to him this is itself a necessitated event.	philosophy
"Can I ask who you are, sir?""  ""Yeah, I expect so,"" said Strike, walking past him and ringing the doorbell. Anstis's dinner invitation notwithstanding, he was not feeling sympathetic to the police just now. ""Should be just about within your capabilities."	sarcasm
My mind is a lock pick always looking for another door to open. I often find those doors by exploring minds of others...	philosophy
Don’t you think most of those kids think too much about who got an A or a B when they were in law school and what that means to an inflated G.P.A. and not enough about the world?” asked Connor irrelevantly.	philosophy
Man is always prey to his truths. Once he has admitted them, he cannot free himself from them.	philosophy
The living self has one purpose only: to come into its own fullness of being.	philosophy
THE PRESOCRATIC PROBLEM  [all snap flags] Parmenides named his gun The Hot Power of the Stars. His gun was one, uncreated, imperishable, timeless, changeless, perfect, spherical. Spherical was the problem.	philosophy
How keen everyone is to make this world their home forgetting its impermanence It's like trying to see and name constellations in a fireworks display.	philosophy
No passion is stronger in the breast of a man than the desire to make others believe as he believes. Nothing so cuts at the root of his happiness and fills him with rage as the sense that another rates low what he prizes high.	philosophy
Philosophy when superficially studied, excites doubt, when thoroughly explored, it dispels it.	philosophy
He alone is free who lives with free consent under the entire guidance of reason	philosophy
I am serving the purpose for which I was designed, therefore I am satisfied with my existence.	philosophy
When you're in the muck you can only see muck. If you somehow manage to float above it, you still see the muck but you see it from a different perspective. And you see other things too. That's the consolation of philosophy.	philosophy
Today a young man on acid realized that all matter is merely energy condensed to a slow vibration, that we are all one consciousness experiencing itself subjectively, there is no such thing as death, life is only a dream, and we are the imagination of ourselves. Heres Tom with the Weather.	philosophy
But where was God now, with heaven full of astronauts, and the Lord overthrown? I miss God. I miss the company of someone utterly loyal. I still don't think of God as my betrayer. The servants of God, yes, but servants by their very nature betray. I miss God who was my friend. I don't even know if God exists, but I do know that if God is your emotional role model, very few human relationships will match up to it. I have an idea that one day it might be possible, I thought once it had become possible, and that glimpse has set me wandering, trying to find the balance between earth and sky. If the servants hadn't rushed in and parted us, I might have been disappointed, might have snatched off the white samite to find a bowl of soup.   As it is, I can't settle, I want someone who is fierce and will love me until death and know that love is as strong as death, and be on my side for ever and ever. I want someone who will destroy and be destroyed by me. There are many forms of love and affection, some people can spend their whole lives together without knowing each other's names. Naming is a difficult and time-consuming process; it concerns essences, and it means power. But on the wild nights who can call you home? Only the one who knows your name. Romantic love has been diluted into paperback form and has sold thousands and millions of copies. Somewhere it is still in the original, written on tablets of stone. I would cross seas and suffer sunstroke and give away all I have, but not for a man, because they want to be the destroyer and never the destroyed.	philosophy
Most of us form estimates of our intelligence, wisdom, and moral fiber that are considerably higher than an objective estimate would warrant; no doubt 90 percent of us think ourselves well above average along these lines.	philosophy
Richness does not exist in being wealthy; richness exists in having abundance in life.	philosophy
Ignore a person kill the person.	philosophy
"Where did you live before you came here?"" I asked.  ""The moon,"" he said smoothly. ""We left because the place had no atmosphere."	sarcasm
Marriage is not a process for prolonging the life of love, sir. It merely mummifies its corpse.	sarcasm
I can kill a bad guy, but I can't save anyone. I'm not a hero. All I am is a killer. A dead killer who shit his pants.	philosophy
Everything is relative in this world, where change alone endures.	philosophy
The more you struggle to live, the less you live. Give up the notion that you must be sure of what you are doing. Instead, surrender to what is real within you, for that alone is sure....you are above everything distressing.	philosophy
If your life is Christ, then your death will be only more of Christ, forever. If your life is only Christlessness, then your death will be only more Christlessness, forever. That's not fundamentalism, that's the law of non-contradiction.	philosophy
Women's liberation is one thing, but the permeation of anti-male sentiment in post-modern popular culture - from our mocking sitcom plots to degrading commercial story lines - stands testament to the ignorance of society. Fair or not, as the lead gender that never requested such a role, the historical male reputation is quite balanced.   For all of their perceived wrongs, over centuries they've moved entire civilizations forward, nurtured the human quest for discovery and industry, and led humankind from inconvenient darkness to convenient modernity. Navigating the chessboard that is human existence is quite a feat, yet one rarely acknowledged in modern academia or media. And yet for those monumental achievements, I love and admire the balanced creation that is man for all his strengths and weaknesses, his gifts and his curses. I would venture to say that most wise women do.	philosophy
The toxic behaviors were there before you decided to enter into relationships with them. The signs were there. You may have chosen to look the other way, but the signs were there.—Psychotherapist from Type 1 Sociopath	philosophy
Part of being of a true existentialist is wanting to be what we make ourselves be by the way we choose to act, as opposed to making excuses for the way we act and regretting it.	philosophy
But love, like the sun that it is, sets afire and melts everything. what greed and privilege to build up over whole centuries the indignation of a pious spirit, with its natural following of oppressed souls, will cast down with a single shove.	philosophy
Sometimes when I have the feeling like I’m almost crying, it can turn into an almost-laughing feeling.	sarcasm
The beauty of a living thing is not the atoms that go into it, but the way those atoms are put together.	philosophy
Logika adalah keadilan dan dialektika adalah kebijaksanaan	philosophy
If the sum of living be love's fee, Tremble. You are my one eternity.	philosophy
One day I'll work out what it is you are saying, my lad, and then you'll be in trouble.	sarcasm
Think left and think right and think low and think high. Oh, the thinks you can think up if only you try!	philosophy
Do…you…have…a…hard…time…finding…Steve’s dick?” she enunciated, enjoying Mary’s extreme discomfort. “He’s big as a fuckin’ house so I imagine it might be a bit of a problem.” The New Jersey accent that was still there after more than fifteen years in the south, resurfaced in her aggravation.	sarcasm
What sort of philosophers are we, who know absolutely nothing of the origin and destiny of cats?	philosophy
Zsoronga, Sorweel was beginning to realize, possessed the enviable ability to yoke his conviction to his need — to believe, absolutely, whatever his heart required. For Sorweel, belief and want always seemed like ropes too short to bind together, forcing him to play the knot as a result.	philosophy
Il y a les sachants et les savants: c'est la mémoire qui fait les uns, c'est la philosophie qui fait les autres. La philosophie ne s'apprend pas; la philosophie est la réunion des sciences acquises au génie qui les applique.	philosophy
Nobody wants to believe that existence carries on without at least taking a stumble from their departure of this world.	philosophy
Tiger got to hunt, bird got to fly; Man got to sit and wonder 'why, why, why?' Tiger got to sleep, bird got to land; Man got to tell himself he understand.	philosophy
For me, writing is immortality. It is wisdom. It is never-ending.	philosophy
There’s been a lot written on the topic of minimalism. But I still believe in it.	sarcasm
Social media has turned all of us into Dogs. The moment a single dog is unhappy with something, it starts barking, and then hundreds of others join the barking immediately. We no longer use our brains, we just join the chorus.	sarcasm
The Revolution introduced me to art, and in turn, art introduced me to the Revolution!	philosophy
True philosophy must start from the most immediate and comprehensive fact of consciousness: 'I am life that wants to live, in the midst of life that wants to live	philosophy
We both want you dead. I'm bringing the friendship bracelets to the next meeting.	sarcasm
I man is a prisoner of only his own mind.	philosophy
Dr. Cox: Ladies and gentlemen, allow me to present, Man Not Caring.  [points to self]	sarcasm
Rainer Maria Rilke greeted and wrestled with the angels of his Duino Elegies in the solitude of a castle surrounded by white cliffs tall trees and the sea. I greeted most of mine in the solitude of a house that still vibrated with the throbs of a singular life that had helped shape many lives and with the ache of attempts to render useful service to that life. The River of Winged Dreams was therefore constructed as a link between dimensions of past and future emotions and intellect and matter and spirit.	philosophy
In fact,' said Poirot, 'she stabbed him in the dark, not realising that he was dead already, but somehow deduced that he had a watch in his pyjama pocket, took it out, put back the hands blindly and gave it the requisite dent.	sarcasm
Death isn't the end, it's the beginning.	philosophy
For an author to write as he speaks is just as reprehensible as the opposite fault, to speak as he writes; for this gives a pedantic effect to what he says, and at the same time makes him hardly intelligible	philosophy
Seize the moments of happiness, love and be loved! That is the only reality in the world, all else is folly. It is the one thing we are interested in here.	philosophy
The moon is the reflection of your heart and moonlight is the twinkle of your love.	philosophy
Inevitably it follows that anyone with an independent mind must become 'one who resists or opposes an authority or established convention': a <em>rebel</em>. ...And if enough people come to agree with—and follow—the <em>REBEL</em>, we now have a <em>DEVIL</em>. Until, of course, still more people agree. And then, finally, we have ... <em>GREATNESS</em>.	philosophy
Oh I'd be more than happy to hold, I'll just spend the time working on that brain tumor.	sarcasm
I don’t believe this. This is utter shit!” I yelled. “Does it look like I’m lying?” Steven asked. I rolled my eyes at his incredibly stupid question, “I don’t know. Let me look at you with my x-ray vision to see through this stupid blindfold and I’ll get back to you.	sarcasm
To be evenminded  is the greatest virtue. Wisdom is to speak the truth and act in keeping with its nature.	philosophy
A true confession: I believe in a soluble fish.	philosophy
And although I have seen nothing but black crows in my life, it doesn't mean that there's no such thing as a white crow. Both for a philosopher and for a scientist it can be important not to reject the possibility of finding a white crow. You might almost say that hunting for 'the white crow' is science's principal task.	philosophy
"We have negative mental habits that come up over and over again. One of the most significant negative habits we should be aware of is that of constantly allowing our mind to run off into the future. Perhaps we got this from our parents. Carried away by our worries, we're unable to live fully and happily in the present. Deep down, we believe we can't really be happy just yet—that we still have a few more boxes to be checked off before we can really enjoy life. We speculate, dream, strategize, and plan for these ""conditions of happiness"" we want to have in the future; and we continually chase after that future, even while we sleep. We may have fears about the future because we don't know how it's going to turn out, and these worries and anxieties keep us from enjoying being here now."	philosophy
Writing blooms flowers for mind, which last forever.	philosophy
"Well, OK then."" He narrowed his eyes. ""How about you? Do you have any...romances I should know about?"" ""Nope. Not one."" ""Well, good. Excellent. There'll be plenty of time for boys when you leave college and become a nun."" She smiled. ""I'm glad you have such ambitious dreams for me."	sarcasm
Son, my dad said, every man needs a bitter, resentful woman in his life. Because there's nothing more touching to a mother's heart than to know that her son thinks of her constantly.	sarcasm
Life has a whimsical way of kicking you in the throat. I find it to be one huge cosmic joke at our expense, only nobody is laughing but the forces that be—given that they are even a wee bit human.	sarcasm
All things fade and quickly turn to myth.	philosophy
Thinking only begins at the point where we have come to know that Reason, glorified for centuries, is the most obstinate adversary of thinking.	philosophy
It is never ridicule, but a compliment, that knocks a philosopher off his feet. He is already positioned for every possible counter-attack, counter-argument, and retort...only to find a big bear hug coming his way.	philosophy
The theistic philosopher has a tendency to devalue insufficient worldviews, ideologies, and quite often common sense for the greater good, and in such cases, one should not be discouraged when seen as a bad guy. If he stresses over man's perception of a righteous heart, then he has given his heart to man.	philosophy
Almost everything that distinguishes the modern world from earlier centuries is attibutable to science, which achieved its most spectacular triumphs in the seventeenth century.	philosophy
Without man and his potential for moral progress, the whole of reality would be a mere wilderness, a thing in vain, and have no final purpose.	philosophy
What? You mean this crap shack isn't part of the Four Seasons. Shocking.	sarcasm
We each have within ourselves the ability to shape our own destinies. That much we understand. But, more important, each of us has an equal ability to shape the destiny of the universe. Ah, that you find more difficult to believe. But I tell you it is so. You do not have to be the leader of the Council. You do not have to be king or monarch or the head of a clan to have a significant impact on the world around you. In the vastness of the ocean, is any drop of water greater than another? No, you answer, and neither has a single drop the ability to cause a tidal wave. But, I argue, if a single drop falls into the ocean, it creates ripples. And these ripples spread. And perhaps - who knows - these ripples may grow and swell and eventually break foaming upon the shore. Like a drop in the vast ocean, each of us causes ripples as we move through our lives. The effects of whatever we do - insignificant as it may seem - spread out beyond us. We may never know what far-reaching impact even the simplest action might have on our fellow mortals. Thus we need to be conscious, all of the time, of our place in the ocean, of our place in the world, of our place among our fellow creatures. For if enough of us join forces, we can swell the tide of events - for good or for evil.	philosophy
There is desire in the perfect, beauty in the imperfect. Thus I lust over the flawless, and fall amorously forceless to the flawed.	philosophy
There is but one true philosophical problem and that is suicide.	philosophy
Generally speaking, the errors in religion are dangerous; those in philosophy only ridiculous.	philosophy
Business people - Your business - is your greatest prejudice: it ties you to your locality, to the company you keep, to the inclinations you feel. Diligent in business - but indolent in spirit, content with your inadequacy, and with the cloak of duty hung over this contentment: that is how you live, that is how you want your children to live!	philosophy
Misunderstanding is my cornerstone. It's everyone's, come to think of it. Illusions mistaken for truth are the pavement under our feet.	philosophy
Nothing important is learned; it is simply remembered.	philosophy
This place is a dream. Only a sleeper considers it real. Then death comes like dawn, and you wake up laughing at what you thought was your grief.	philosophy
It would be the last thing he did if he beat my dog.	sarcasm
....I am inclined to think that these muscles and bones of mine would have gone off long ago to Megara or Boeotia—by the dog they would, if they had been moved only by their own idea of what was best.  (tr Jowett)	philosophy
Faith in Qur'anic revelation unveils all the possibilities that lie before the human intellect.	philosophy
Is it better to work out consciously and critically one's own conception of the world and thus, in connection with the labours of one's own brain, choose one's sphere of activity, take an active part in the creation of the history of the world, be one's own guide, refusing to accept passively and supinely from outside the moulding of one' own personality?	philosophy
I—though forced through lack of space to assume the form of a stoic guinea pig crouched between the girl's shoe and the glove compartment—was my usual dignified self.	sarcasm
I'd tell﻿ you nice try, but... it wasn't.	sarcasm
To fill your life with joy and happiness, the greatest gift that you can give is love and kindness. Wishing you a memorable birthday!	philosophy
Do you shovel to survive, or survive to shovel?	philosophy
Besides our eyes, skin and the other senses through which we receive the shadows of the exterior reality, we have a 'mental eye' (intelligence) with which we can perceive reality as it is.	philosophy
Animals are irrational men	philosophy
To be alone is to be different, to be different is to be alone.	philosophy
What do they know of cricket who only cricket know?	philosophy
Every form of happiness if one, every desire is driven by the same motor--by our love for a single value, for the highest potentiality of our own existence--and every achievement is an expression of it.	philosophy
Sometimes, I think, that in the mornings when you first wake up, every thing that happened in the previous day rushes through our mind so fast, we, A: Don't realize it. B: Become more tired, die a little inside, and become groggy. Since everyday, we die a little inside we age closer and closer to death. We constantly grow older, and we're constantly dying. Therefore, don't wake me up early, or I'll take it that you wanted to kill me.	sarcasm
Never say never	philosophy
Whenever I think of something but can't think of what it was I was thinking of, I can't stop thinking until I think I'm thinking of it again. I think I think too much.	philosophy
Before you hate something you should try to understand it.	philosophy
Peace is not so much a political mandate as it is a shared state of consciousness that remains elevated and intact only to the degree that those who value it volunteer their existence as living examples of the same... Peace ends with the unraveling of individual hope and the emergence of the will to worship violence as a healer of private and social dis-ease.	philosophy
We learn to earn and to enhance the beauty of our lives.	philosophy
Whether divine or human, it is precisely the imagination that fashions and recognizes the universe as meaningful, abiding, and valuable, that is to say, as real.	philosophy
A philosopher knows that in reality he knows very little. That is why he constantly strives to achieve true insight. Socrates was one of these rare people. He knew that he knew nothing about life and about the world. And now comes the important part: it troubled him that he knew so little.	philosophy
Vanity of vanities, says the Preacher,  vanity of vanities! All is vanity.  3 What does man gain by all the toil  at which he toils under the sun?  4 A generation goes, and a generation comes,  but the earth remains forever.  5 The sun rises, and the sun goes down,  and hastens to the place where it rises.  6 The wind blows to the south  and goes around to the north; around and around goes the wind,  and on its circuits the wind returns.  7 All streams run to the sea,  but the sea is not full; to the place where the streams flow,  there they flow again.  8 All things are full of weariness;  a man cannot utter it; the eye is not satisfied with seeing,  nor the ear filled with hearing.  9 What has been is what will be,  and what has been done is what will be done,  and there is nothing new under the sun.  10 Is there a thing of which it is said,  “See, this is new”? It has been already  in the ages before us.  11 There is no remembrance of former things,  nor will there be any remembrance of later things yet to be  among those who come after.	philosophy
Diversity is a survival factor for the community itself. A community of a hundred million species can survive anything short of total global catastrophe. Within that hundred million will be thousands that could survive a global temperature drop of twenty degrees—which would be a lot more devastating than it sounds. Within that hundred million will be thousands that could survive a global temperature rise of twenty degrees. But a community of a hundred species or a thousand species has almost no survival value at all.	philosophy
Don't sound so surprised. I have sensible moments, you know.	sarcasm
Until an hour before the Devil fell, God thought him beautiful in Heaven.	philosophy
A few years ago it dawned on me that everybody past a certain age ... pretty much constantly dreams of being able to escape from their lives. They don't want to be who they are any more. They want out. This list includes Thurston Howell the Third, Ann-Margret, the cat members of Rent, Václav Havel, space shuttle astronauts and Snuffleupagus. It's universal.	philosophy
No code of ethics and no effort are justifiable a priori in the face of the cruel mathematics that command our condition.	philosophy
By the way, if you get mad at your Mac laptop and wonder who designed this demonic device, notice the manufacturer's icon on top: an apple with a bite out of it.	philosophy
A farm includes the passion of the farmer's heart, the interest of the farm's customers, the biological activity in the soil, the pleasantness of the air about the farm -- it's everything touching, emanating from, and supplying that piece of landscape. A farm is virtually a living organism. The tragedy of our time is that cultural philosophies and market realities are squeezing life's vitality out of most farms. And that is why the average farmer is now 60 years old. Serfdom just doesn't attract the best and brightest.	philosophy
Time is an illusion. Lunchtime doubly so.	philosophy
First impressions are rarely worth preserving. Men typically fall short of our expectations.	philosophy
The vivid force of his mind prevailed, and he fared forth far beyond the flaming ramparts of the heavens and traversed the boundless universe in thought and mind.	philosophy
If you use a philosophy education well, you can get your foot in the door of any industry you please. Industries are like the blossoms on a tree while philosophy is the trunk - it holds the tree together, but it often goes unnoticed.	philosophy
He who wears his morality but as his best garment were better naked. The wind and the sun will tear no holes in his skin.	philosophy
I believed that I was approaching the end of my days without having tasted to the full any of the pleasures for which my heart thirsted...without having ever tasted that passion which, through lack of an object, was always suppressed. ...The impossibility of attaining the real persons precipitated me into the land of chimeras; and seeing nothing that existed worthy of my exalted feelings, I fostered them in an ideal world which my creative imagination soon peopled with beings after my own heart.	philosophy
A day without laughter is a day wasted.	philosophy
THE MAXIMS OF MEDICINE   Before you examine the body of a patient, Be patient to learn his story. For once you learn his story, You will also come to know His body. Before you diagnose any sickness, Make sure there is no sickness in the mind or heart. For the emotions in a man’s moon or sun, Can point to the sickness in Any one of his other parts. Before you treat a man with a condition, Know that not all cures can heal all people. For the chemistry that works on one patient, May not work for the next, Because even medicine has its own Conditions. Before asserting a prognosis on any patient, Always be objective and never subjective. For telling a man that he will win the treasure of life, But then later discovering that he will lose, Will harm him more than by telling him That he may lose, But then he wins.   THE MAXIMS OF MEDICINE by Suzy Kassem	philosophy
The reasonable man adapts himself to the world: the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to himself. Therefore all progress depends on the unreasonable man.	philosophy
"Mood Swings  'ᏰέƦẙḽԃṏሁ's the most ""unappreciated"" poet on this site. Being ""misunderstood"" is what gets him into a fight. Now that I'm retired and free, He's the new ""King"" of HP ~ Now I hate that Jew because he's better and right."	philosophy
I don’t want to accidentally end up looking back on my life to find that I’m ashamed of myself, I want to live a life I can be proud of.	philosophy
Kebanyakan orang dapat bertahan hidup hanya jika mereka dapat melupakan realitas ini dan memusatkan diri ke yang lain: ke karier mereka, ke investasi, gelar, anak atau apa saja yang terlihat bertambah banyak.	philosophy
why are we here? where do we come from? traditionally,these are questions for philosophy,but philosophy is dead	philosophy
"The complexity of our present trouble suggests as never before that we need to change our present concept of education. Education is not properly an industry, and its proper use is not to serve industries, either by job-training or by industry-subsidized research. It's proper use is to enable citizens to live lives that are economically, politically, socially, and culturally responsible. This cannot be done by gathering or ""accessing"" what we now call ""information"" - which is to say facts without context and therefore without priority. A proper education enables young people to put their lives in order, which means knowing what things are more important than other things; it means putting first things first."	philosophy
I had no shoes, and I felt sorry for myself until I met a man who had no feet. I took his shoes. Now I feel better.	sarcasm
When a youth was giving himself airs in the Theatre and saying, 'I am wise, for I have conversed with many wise men,' Epictetus replied, 'I too have conversed with many rich men, yet I am not rich!’.	philosophy
"In the letter he left for the coroner he had explained his reasoning (for suicide): that life is a gift bestowed without anyone asking for it; that the thinking person has a philosophical duty to examine both the nature of life and the conditions it comes with; and that if this person decides to renounce the gift no one asks for, it is the moral and human duty to act on the consequences of that decision. ... Alex showed me a clipping from the <em>Cambridge Evening News</em>. 'Tragic Death of ""Promising"" Young Man.' ... The verdict of the coroner's inquest had been that Adrian Flinn (22) had killed himself 'while the balance of his mind was disturbed.' ... The law, and society, and religion all said it was impossible to be sane, healthy, and kill yourself. Perhaps those authorities feared that the suicide's reasoning might impugn the nature and value of life as organised by the state which paid the coroner?"	philosophy
Be the kind of person who catches the shit before it hits the fan, not the one who scrapes it off afterwards.	philosophy
The heavenly sound of music kindles my heart, twinkles my mind, and feeds my soul so that I may transcend and transform.	philosophy
Men seek retreats for themselves, houses in the country, sea-shores, and mountains; and thou too art wont to desire such things very much. But this is altogether a mark of the most common sort of men, for it is in thy power whenever thou shalt choose to retire into thyself. For nowhere either with more quiet or more freedom from trouble does a man retire than into his own soul, particularly when he has within him such thoughts that by looking into them he is immediately in perfect tranquility; and I affirm that tranquility is nothing else than the good ordering of the mind. Constantly then give to thyself this retreat, and renew thyself; and let thy principles be brief and fundamental, which, as soon as thou shalt recur to them, will be sufficient to cleanse the soul completely, and to send thee back free from all discontent with the things to which thou returnest. For with what art thou discontented? With the badness of men? Recall to thy mind this conclusion, that rational animals exist for one another, and that to endure is a part of justice, and that men do wrong involuntarily; and consider how many already, after mutual enmity, suspicion, hatred, and fighting, have been stretched dead, reduced to ashes; and be quiet at last.- But perhaps thou art dissatisfied with that which is assigned to thee out of the universe.- Recall to thy recollection this alternative; either there is providence or atoms, fortuitous concurrence of things; or remember the arguments by which it has been proved that the world is a kind of political community, and be quiet at last.- But perhaps corporeal things will still fasten upon thee.- Consider then further that the mind mingles not with the breath, whether moving gently or violently, when it has once drawn itself apart and discovered its own power, and think also of all that thou hast heard and assented to about pain and pleasure, and be quiet at last.- But perhaps the desire of the thing called fame will torment thee.- See how soon everything is forgotten, and look at the chaos of infinite time on each side of the present, and the emptiness of applause, and the changeableness and want of judgement in those who pretend to give praise, and the narrowness of the space within which it is circumscribed, and be quiet at last. For the whole earth is a point, and how small a nook in it is this thy dwelling, and how few are there in it, and what kind of people are they who will praise thee.	philosophy
The only value of wasted time is knowledge.	philosophy
What can oppose the decline of the west is not a resurrected culture but the utopia that is silently contained in the image of its decline.	philosophy
The complexities of adult life get in the way of the truth. The great philosophers have always been able to clear away the complexities and see simple distinctions - simple once they are stated, vastly difficult before. If we are to follow them we too must be childishly simple in our questions - and maturely wise in our replies.	philosophy
Time is just quantified eternity.	philosophy
Oh! I know what I wanted to tell you – you’ll never guess who Thomas is chasing after now…”  Hmmm, never guess or can’t be bothered to guess – it was a hard call. I yawned again, glancing at the bed, which was inviting me to clamber back inside and pull the sheet over my head. So tempting, but not practical.	sarcasm
The primary thing when you take a sword in your hands is your intention to cut the enemy, whatever the means. Whenever you parry, hit, spring, strike or touch the enemy's cutting sword, you must cut the enemy in the same movement. It is essential to attain this. If you think only of hitting, springing, striking or touching the enemy, you will not be able actually to cut him.	philosophy
There is no man, and no place, without war. The only thing we can do is choose a side, and fight. That is the only choice we get - who we fight for, who we fight against. That is life.	philosophy
Forgiveness is created by the restitution of the abuser; of the wrongdoer. It is not something to be squeeeeeezed out of the victim in a further act of conscience-corrupting abuse.	philosophy
Here is my final point. About drugs, about alcohol, about pornography and smoking and everything else. What business is it of yours what I do, read, buy, see, say, think, who I fuck, what I take into my body - as long as I do not harm another human being on this planet?	philosophy
Honor has not to be won; it must only not be lost.	philosophy
The inextinguishable lesbian spark. You've surely heard about it? The one that was first ignited at Lesbos, because Sappho was so sad every time a young woman left the academy that she wrote her a poem. Fancy being sad because someone leaves! Perverted, that's what I call it. Don't you?	sarcasm
The cause of our current social crises, he would have said, is a genetic defect within the nature of reason itself. And until this genetic defect is cleared, the crises will continue. Our current modes of rationality are not moving society forward into a better world. They are taking it further and further from that better world. Since the Renaissance these modes have worked. As long as the need for food, clothing and shelter is dominant they will continue to work. But now that for huge masses of people these needs no longer overwhelm everything else, the whole structure of reason, handed down to us from ancient times, is no longer adequate. It begins to be seen for what it really is…emotionally hollow, esthetically meaningless and spiritually empty.	philosophy
"Many married women who have deliberately spurned the ""hour"" of childbearing are unhappy and frustrated. They never discovered the joys of marriage because they refused to surrender to the obligation of their state. In saving themselves, they lost themselves!"	philosophy
Challenges are gifts that force us to search for a new center of gravity. Don't fight them. Just find a new way to stand.	philosophy
A lot of people experience the world with the same incredulity as when a magician pulls a rabbit out of a hat.…We know that the world is not all sleight of hand and deception because we are in it, we are part of it. Actually we are the white rabbit being pulled out of the hat. The only difference beween us and the white rabbit is that the rabbit does not realize it is taking part in a magic trick.	philosophy
Yeah,” Tamara said. “An old bowling alley. There must be a town not too far from here. But how could Aaron be there? And don’t say something like ‘working on his score’ or ‘maybe he’s in a bowling league’ or something like that. Be serious.” Call leaned against the rough bark of a nearby tree and resisted the urge to sit down. He was afraid he wouldn’t be able to get up again. “I’m serious. It might be hard to tell in the dark, but I have my most super-serious face on.	sarcasm
Oh, if only it were possible to find understanding,” Joseph exclaimed. “If only there were a dogma to believe in. Everything is contradictory, everything tangential; there are no certainties anywhere. Everything can be interpreted one way and then again interpreted in the opposite sense. The whole of world history can be explained as development and progress and can also be seen as nothing but decadence and meaninglessness. Isn’t there any truth? Is there no real and valid doctrine?”  The master had never heard him speak so fervently. He walked on in silence for a little, then said: “There is truth, my boy. But the doctrine you desire, absolute, perfect dogma that alone provides wisdom, does not exist. Nor should you long for a perfect doctrine, my friend. Rather, you should long for the perfection of yourself. The deity is within you, not in ideas and books. Truth is lived, not taught. Be prepared for conflicts, Joseph Knecht - I can see that they already have begun.	philosophy
We are addicted to our thoughts. We cannot change anything if we cannot change our thinking.	philosophy
it is all very well for you to write simply and the simpler the better. But do not start to think so damned simply. Know how complicated it is and then state it simply.	philosophy
Set a goal to be happy; now do only what makes you happy.	philosophy
Creation and destruction are the two ends of the same moment. And everything between the creation and the next destruction is the journey of life.	philosophy
Life is the greatest of all mysteries, and though I seek to solve its many riddles, my deepest fear is that I will succeed.	philosophy
Love all, trust all, and help all. Know that no one can hurt you without your permission.	philosophy
If you can't fight and you can't flee, flow.	philosophy
The source of man's rights is not divine law or a congressional law, but the law of identity. A is A ___ and man is man. Rights are conditions of existence required by man's nature for his proper survival. If man is to live on earth, it is right for him to use his mind, it is right to act on his own free judgment, it is right to work for his values and to keep the product for his work. If life on earth is his purpose, he has a right to live as a rational being: nature forbids him the irrational	philosophy
Philosophy begins in wonder. And at the end when philosophic thought has done its best the wonder remains.	philosophy
Contrary to the ecologists, nature does not stand still and does not maintain the kind of equilibrium that guarantees the survival of any particular species - least of all the survival of her greatest and most fragile product: man.	philosophy
It's easy to hate and point out everything that is wrong with the world; it is the hardest and most important work in one's life to free oneself from the bonds of fear and attachment.	philosophy
The best ideas are common property	philosophy
"You don't have to make fun of it.""  ""Actually I do,"" I said. ""I make fun of almost everything."	sarcasm
I have some devotional books you can look over. Learn to quote from them. Nothing discourages unwanted questions as much as a flow of pious bleating.  (Petyr Baelish to Sansa Stark)	sarcasm
"Love itself is what is left over when being ""in love"" has burned away, and this is both an art and a fortunate accident."	philosophy
"In one way, I suppose, I have been ""in denial"" for some time, knowingly burning the candle at both ends and finding that it often gives a lovely light. But for precisely that reason, I can't see myself smiting my brow with shock or hear myself whining about how it's all so unfair: I have been taunting the Reaper into taking a free scythe in my direction and have now succumbed to something so predictable and banal that it bores even me."	philosophy
I only know that I know nothing	philosophy
Standing in the middle between the idea of an event and the actual event, a strange kind of physical reality just in the middle between possibility and reality.	philosophy
"In some remote corner of the universe, poured out and glittering in innumerable solar systems, there once was a star on which clever animals invented knowledge. That was the haughtiest and most mendacious minute of ""world history""- yet only a minute. After nature had drawn a few breaths the star grew cold, and the clever animals had to die."	philosophy
People know what they do; frequently they know why they do what they do; but what they don't know is what what they do does.	philosophy
It's the truth, even if it didn't happen...  ...if they don't exist, how can a man see them?	philosophy
This is supposed to be a lighthearted session of symbolic document destruction, not a political debate.	sarcasm
O how incomprehensible everything was, and actually sad, although it was also beautiful. One knew nothing. One lived and ran about the earth and rode through forests, and certain things looked so challenging and promising and nostalgic: a star in the evening, a blue harebell, a reed-green pond, the eye of a person or a cow. And sometimes it seemed that something never seen yet long desired was about to happen, that a veil would drop from it all, but then it passed, nothing happened, the riddle remained unsolved, the secret spell unbroken, and in the end one grew old and looked cunning . . . or wise . . . and still one knew nothing perhaps, was still waiting and listening.	philosophy
Wishing you a bucket of love and joy today and always.	philosophy
Some way some how i'm going to be happy i'm going to laugh i'm going to prosper,i feel good that i remain positive thru these mess up times!!!	philosophy
"Mr. Bennet, how can you abuse your own children in such a way? You take delight in vexing me. You have no compassion for my poor nerves.""  ""You mistake me, my dear. I have a high respect for your nerves. They are my old friends. I have heard you mention them with consideration these last twenty years at least."	sarcasm
The end may justify the means as long as there is something that justifies the end.	philosophy
It’s sarcasm, Josh.”  “Sarcasm?”  “It’s from the Greek, sarkasmos. To bite the lips. It means that you aren’t really saying what you mean, but people will get your point. I invented it, Bartholomew named it.”  “Well, if the village idiot named it, I’m sure it’s a good thing.”  “There you go, you got it.”  “Got what?”  “Sarcasm.”  “No, I meant it.”  “Sure you did.”  “Is that sarcasm?”  “Irony, I think.”  “What’s the difference?”  “I haven’t the slightest idea.”  “So you’re being ironic now, right?”  “No, I really don’t know.”  “Maybe you should ask the idiot.”  “Now you’ve got it.”  “What?”  “Sarcasm.	sarcasm
I believe that the imagination is the passport we create to take us into the real world. I believe the imagination is another phrase for what is most uniquely us.	philosophy
Death twitches my ear; 'Live,' he says...  'I'm coming.	philosophy
The best ideas will eat at you for days, maybe even weeks, until something, some incident, some impulse, triggers you to finally express them.	philosophy
Marion: What is all this? What's going on? Clint: The same thing that's always going on. The end of the world.	sarcasm
Where humanity sowed faith, hope, and unity,  joy’s garden blossomed.	philosophy
In any weather, at any hour of the day or night, I have been anxious to improve the nick of time, and notch it on my stick too; to stand on the meeting of two eternities, the past and the future, which is precisely the present moment; to toe that line. You will pardon some obscurities, for there are more secrets in my trade than in most men's, and yet not voluntarily kept, but inseparable from its very nature.	philosophy
"You are your mother's trueborn son of Lannister.""  ""Am I?"" the dwarf replied, sardonic. ""Do tell my lord father. My mother died birthing me, and he's never been sure.""  ""I don't even know who my mother was,"" Jon said.   ""Some woman, no doubt. Most of them are."" He favored Jon with a rueful grin. ""Remember this, boy. All dwarfs may be bastards, yet not all bastards need be dwarfs.""  And with that he turned and sauntered back into the feast, whistling a tune.   When he opened the door, the light from within threw his shadow clear across the yard, and for just a moment Tyrion Lannister stood tall as a king."	sarcasm
He recognized with absolute certainty the empty fragility of even the noblest theorizings as compared with the definitive plenitude of the smallest fact grasped in its total, concrete reality.	philosophy
Time (again, Time) like the soul, wears many faces, many bodies and climates and attitudes. The past is one face, the present a second and the future yet another.	philosophy
Is beauty enhanced or adulterated by utility?	philosophy
Man is conceived in sin and born in corruption and he passeth from the stink of the didie to the stench of the shroud. There is always something (All The King's Men)	philosophy
The truth is helpless when up against perception	philosophy
Here is a list of paper products more valuable than a degree from @Mizzou: A blank piece of paper, toilet paper, and newspaper in a lit fireplace.	sarcasm
The most incomprehensible thing about the world is that it is at all comprehensible.	philosophy
Oh! You are a woman! You are the pure reflection of my mother, sister, and daughter. I can never hurt you.	philosophy
Physics isn't the most important thing. Love is.	philosophy
Christianity, like genius, is one of the hardest concepts to forgive. We hear what we want to hear and accept what we want to accept, for the most part, simply because there is nothing more offensive than feeling like you have to re-evaluate your own train of thought and purpose in life. You have to die to an extent in your hunger for faith, for wisdom, and quite frankly, most people aren't ready to die.	philosophy
When the heart is dry the eye is dry.	philosophy
The highest activity a human being can attain is learning for understanding, because to understand is to be free.	philosophy
By the time we began to understand enough about what the world to ask the right questions, our visit is over, and someone else is visiting, asking the same questions.	philosophy
Because it's much more pleasant to be obsessed over how the hero gets out of his predicament than it is over how I get out of mine.	philosophy
To Trin Tragula's horror, the shock completely annihilated her brain; but to his satisfaction he realized that he had proved conclusively that if life is going to exist in a Universe of this size, then the one thing it cannot afford to have is a sense of proportion.	philosophy
"A government must rule by the Grace of God or by the will of the people, it must believe in authority or in the Revolution; on these issues compromise is possible only in semblance, and only for a time. The Revolution, like the disbelief which has always accompanied it, cannot be stopped halfway; it is a force that, once awakened, will not rest until it ends in a totalitarian Kingdom of this world. The history of the last two centuries has proved nothing if not this. To appease the Revolution and offer it concessions, as Liberals have always done, thereby showing that they have no truth with which to oppose it, is perhaps to postpone, but not to prevent, the attainment of its end. And to oppose the radical Revolution with a Revolution of one's own, whether it be ""conservative,"" "" non-violent,"" or ""spiritual,"" is not merely to reveal ignorance of the full scope and nature of the Revolution of our time, but to concede as well the first principle of that Revolution: that the old truth is no longer true, and a new truth must take its place."	philosophy
Love is silence multiplied by noise and divided by two.	philosophy
Every man knows that he will die: and nobody believes it. On that paradox stand not only a host of religions but the entity of a sane being.	philosophy
He was impugning my virtue. I ought to have been offended, but for some reason the idea tickled me. That could be my next career: instrument of torture! Seducing prisoners, and then revealing my dragon scales! They would confess out of sheer horror.	sarcasm
Bodies are real entities. Surfaces and lines are but fictitious entities. A surface without depth, a line without thickness, was never seen by any man; no; nor can any conception be seriously formed of its existence.	philosophy
As for Doing-good, that is one of the professions which are full. Moreover, I have tried it fairly, and, strange as it may seem, am satisfied that it does not agree with my constitution. Probably I should not consciously and deliberately forsake my particular calling to do the good which society demands of me, to save the universe from annihilation; and I believe that a like but infinitely greater steadfastness elsewhere is all that now preserves it.	philosophy
And now I see the face of god, and I raise this god over the earth, this god whom men have sought since men came into being, this god who will grant them joy and peace and pride. This god, this one word: 'I.	philosophy
The day the power of love overrules the love of power, the world will know peace.	philosophy
Though all men be equally frail before the world, the differences between them are terrifying.	philosophy
I couldn't help thinkin' if she was as far out o' town as she was out o' tune, she wouldn't get back in a day.	sarcasm
As if I'd had time to drug it in the two milliseconds she'd let me out of her sight.	sarcasm
Scientology [10w]  There's nothing more oppressive than the ignorance of foolish belief.	philosophy
In the liquid amber within the ivory porcelain, the initiated may touch the sweet reticence of Confucius, the piquancy of Laotse, and the ethereal aroma of Sakyamuni himself.	philosophy
No more shooting from anyone. Or I am going to get seriously cranky with everyone. Suddenly, and violently and all over the place.	sarcasm
You need contradictions to make an ideal.	philosophy
Some people insist that 'mediocre' is better than 'best.' They delight in clipping wings because they themselves can't fly. They despise brains because they have none.	philosophy
Knock him out, Paris!'  'Sure. Want me to spew diamonds from my ass while I’m at it?	sarcasm
Are you always a smartass?'  Nope. Sometimes I'm asleep.	sarcasm
A great many people think they are thinking when they are merely rearranging their prejudices.	philosophy
"We attribute to ourselves qualities that we do not possess because if we possessed them, our lives would exactly mirror our image of ourselves. Our lies about what is really happening in our lives are what we use to ""patch up"" our ego with rationalizations and justifications, all of which conceal from us the fact that we cannot really do anything because we have no Being."	philosophy
Going to the gym at this odd hour didn't 'work out' for me.	sarcasm
When the road ahead seems impossible, start the engine	philosophy
You see, the deaf have an intimacy with silence. It’s there in their dreams.	philosophy
A tree's shade is worth more than the knowledge of truth, my sons, for a tree's shade is true while it lasts, and the knowledge of truth is false in its very truth. The leaves' greenness is worth more, for a right understanding, than a great thought, for the leaves, greenness is something you can show others, but you can never show them a great thought. We are born without knowing how to talk and we die without having known how to express ourselves. Our life runs its course between the silence of one who cannot speak and the silence of one who wasn't understood, and around it hovers — like a bee where there are no flowers — a useless, inscrutable destiny.	philosophy
Upon this first, and in one sense this sole, rule of reason, that in order to learn you must desire to learn, and in so desiring not be satisfied with what you already incline to think, there follows one corollary which itself deserves to be inscribed upon every wall of the city of philosophy: Do not block the way of inquiry.	philosophy
I don't want to be here when my latest work of accidental art is discovered.	sarcasm
Clever is when one is crafty enough to mistake your imagination for intelligence. Smart is when one assumes they are too educated to notice the difference.	sarcasm
Philosophy is the critically reflective, systematically articulated attempt to illumine our human experience in depth and set it in a vision of the whole.	philosophy
If the rest of your brain were conscious, it would probably regard you as the pointy-haired boss from Dilbert	philosophy
We are all dying to give our lives away to something, maybe. God or Satan, politics or grammar, topology or philately (...) To games or needles, to some other person.	philosophy
Promise me you’ll look after yourself … stay out of trouble …’ ‘I always do, Mrs Weasley,’ said Harry. ‘I like a quiet life, you know me.	sarcasm
Imagine others complexly.	philosophy
Life is about happiness—not about success.	philosophy
..the most dangerous animal in a zoo is Man.	philosophy
"I don't want tea,"" said Clary, with muffled force. ""I want to find my mother. And then I want to find out who took her in the first place, and I want to kill them."" ""Unfortunately,"" said Hodge, ""we're all out of bitter revenge at the moment, so it's either tea or nothing."	sarcasm
There is nothing more natural than to consider everything as starting from oneself, chosen as the center of the world; one finds oneself thus capable of condemning the world without even wanting to hear its deceitful chatter.	philosophy
Love isn't always a physical emotion. Sometimes it's the ones who never got to actually hold you in their arms that appreciate you for who you are	philosophy
If the world was made for us, then it BELONGS to us and we can do what we damn well please with it.	philosophy
Ah, sarcasm. The final refuge of the desperate.	sarcasm
Forty dollars for one adult nonrefundable ticket. You’re in luck — your bus leaves in a half hour. But there’s no dogs, unless that’s a service animal.” “Oh, yeah,” Call said, with a quick look down at Havoc. “He’s totally a service dog. He was in the service — the navy, actually.” The woman’s eyebrows went up. “He saved a man,” Call said, trying out the story as he counted the cash and pushed it through the slot. “From drowning. And sharks. Well, just the one shark, but it was a pretty big one. He’s got a medal and everything.	sarcasm
"Like apes, we breed, sleep, and die. Yet like God we say, ""I am."" We are ontological oxymorons."	philosophy
You know, if a waitress asks me if I want ketchup with my fries, I’ll reply, “No thanks, I’ll just drink water.” And that’s not just a statement about table etiquette; it’s a personal quote that accurately reflects my moral and philosophical belief system.	philosophy
Sarcasm is one of the many services I offer to people who ask stupid questions!	sarcasm
All is mystery; but he is a slave who will not struggle to penetrate the dark veil.	philosophy
-I am alergic to these flowers. -I know.	sarcasm
I surround myself with things that make me happy. Why? Because ... it makes me happy.	philosophy
At the heart of nature’s mystery lies another mystery.	philosophy
Ain't no sense worryin' about the things you got control over, 'cause if you got control over 'em, ain't no sense worryin'. And ain't no sense worryin' about the things you don't got control over, 'cause if you don't got control over 'em, ain't no sense worryin'.	philosophy
Words do not express thoughts very well; every thing immediately becomes a little different, a little distorted, a little foolish. And yet it also pleases me and seems right that what is of value and wisdom of one man seems nonsense to another.	philosophy
It's not enough merely to exist. Every man has to seek in his own way to make his own self more noble and to relize his own true worth.	philosophy
Just as you learn from a teacher, so you can observe and learn from the educator we call nature.	philosophy
What? Really? And I thought I was just emotionally withdrawn.” She pulled her feet up, hugging her knees. “I’m also incapable going to be your next brilliant observation.	sarcasm
Only a philosopher's mind grows wings, since its memory always keeps it as close as possible to those realities by being close to which the gods are divine.	philosophy
"you shall be told what pleased me to-day in the writings of Hecato; it is these words: ""What progress, you ask, have I made? I have begun to be a friend to myself."" That was indeed a great benefit; such a person can never be alone. You may be sure that such a man is a friend to all mankind."	philosophy
Who we are now is all that really matters.	philosophy
That's Doctor Smart-ass. I didn't spend eight years in insult college to be called Mister.	sarcasm
From the scientific view, the theory of karma may be a metaphysical assumption -- but it is no more so than the assumption that all of life is material and originated out of pure chance	philosophy
He was still thoughtful. 'Do you think any of us ever really knows anyone?'    'Philosophy, Lord Dryden? And yet it's daylight and everyone is still sober.	philosophy
If you know how to be happy with the wonders of life that are already there for you to enjoy, you don't need to stress your mind and your body by striving harder and harder, and you don't need to stress this planet by purchasing more and more stuff. The Earth belongs to our children. We have already borrowed too much from it, from them; and the way things have been going, we're not sure we'll be able to give it back to them in decent shape. And who are our children, actually? They are us, because they are our own continuation. So we've been shortchanging our own selves. Much of our modern way of life is permeated by mindless overborrowing. The more we borrow, the more we loser. That's why it's critical that we wake up and see we don't need to do that anymore. What's already available in the here and now is plenty for us to be nourished, to be happy. Only that kind of insight will get us, each one of us, to stop engaging in the compulsive, self-sabotaging behaviors of our species. We need a collective awakening. One Buddha is not enough. All of us have to become Buddhas in order for our planet to have a chance. Fortunately, we have the power to wake up, to touch enlightenment from moment to moment, in our very own ordinary and, yes, busy lives. So let's start right now. Peace is your every breath.	philosophy
All paths are present, always... and we can but choose among them.	philosophy
No law can be sacred to me but that of my nature. Good and bad are but names very readily transferable to that or this; the only right is what is after my constitution; the only wrong is what is against it.	philosophy
"‎In modern physics, there is no such thing as ""nothing."" Even in a perfect vacuum, pairs of virtual particles are constantly being created and destroyed. The existence of these particles is no mathematical fiction. Though they cannot be directly observed, the effects they create are quite real. The assumption that they exist leads to predictions that have been confirmed by experiment to a high degree of accuracy."	philosophy
The most important thing I gained from my travels was the knowledge that one could achieve anything with determination and an ounce of luck.	philosophy
I mean really, how could an artistic individual stay grounded in the nitty-gritty of how many minutes per pound meat has to stay in the oven when trying to fathom the creative philosophy behind the greatest artistic minds of the world?	philosophy
In the mind of all, fiction, in the logical sense, has been the coin of necessity;—in that of poets of amusement—in that of the priest and the lawyer of mischievous immorality in the shape of mischievous ambition,—and too often both priest and lawyer have framed or made in part this instrument.	philosophy
I have gained this by philosophy … I do without being ordered what some are constrained to do by their fear of the law.	philosophy
The only thing that makes life possible is permanent, intolerable uncertainty: not knowing what comes next.	philosophy
Someone tells me I’ve been touched by Jesus, I remember.” “Not Jesus,” he said in all seriousness. “The hand of God.	sarcasm
I never could read Foucault. I find philosophy tedious. All of my knowledge comes from reading novels and some history. I read Being and Nothingness and realized that I remembered absolutely nothing when I finished it. I used to go to the library every day and read every day for eight hours. I’d dropped out of high school and had to teach myself. I read Sartre without any background. I just forced myself and I learned nothing.	philosophy
"Valkyrie smiled patiently. ""I like how you do your make-up. Do you use a brush, or just dip your head in the bucket?"	sarcasm
We chart delusions through collective agreement.	philosophy
Go to heaven for the climate and hell for the company.	philosophy
All is flux	philosophy
I don’t have a philosophy: I have senses... If I talk about Nature, it’s not because I know what it is, But because I love it, and that’s why I love it, Because when you love you never know what you love, Or why you love, or what love is.  Loving is eternal innocence, And the only innocence is not thinking.	philosophy
Impossible things are really rough to do, you know.	philosophy
Where we choose to be, where we choose to be--we have the power to determine that in our lives. We cannot reel time backward or forward, but we can take ourselves to the place that defines our being.	philosophy
I'm pretty sure those're my balls you've found,” I said to the man searching my pants. “You gonna count 'em out now? Because I'll save you the trouble. There's two.	sarcasm
He examined the chess problem and set out the pieces. It was a tricky ending, involving a couple of knights. 'White to play and mate in two moves.' Winston looked up at the portrait of Big Brother. White always mates, he thought with a sort of cloudy mysticism. Always, without exception, it is so arranged. In no chess problem since the beginning of the world has black ever won. Did it not symbolize the eternal, unvarying triumph of Good over Evil? The huge face gazed back at him, full of calm power. White always mates.	philosophy
Mere philosophy will not satisfy us. We cannot reach the goal by mere words alone. Without practice, nothing can be achieved. (3)	philosophy
All beings so far have created something beyond themselves; and do you want to be the ebb of this great flood and even go back to the beasts rather than overcome man? What is the ape to man? A laughingstock or a painful embarrassment. And man shall be just that for the overman: a laughingstock or a painful embarrassment…	philosophy
"All right, we need a way to get inot the palace. Any ideas?""  ""Ask nicely? Charge in? Fly? Wait, do you mean reasonable ones?"	sarcasm
I wanted movement and not a calm course of existence. I wanted excitement and the chance to sacrifice myself for my love. I felt it in myself a superabundance of energy which found no outlet in our quiet life.	philosophy
Action is the activity of the rational soul, which abhors irrationality and must combat it or be corrupted by it. When it sees the irrationality of others, it must seek to correct it, and can do this either by teaching or engaging in public affairs itself, correcting through its practice. And the purpose of action is to enable philosophy to continue, for if men are reduced to the material alone, they become no more than beasts.	philosophy
A serious and good philosophical work could be written consisting entirely of jokes.	philosophy
Nothing is as it seems, but something is everything it is made out to be.	philosophy
O philosophy, life's guide! O searcher-out of virtue and expeller of vices! What could we and every age of men have been without thee? Thou hast produced cities; thou hast called men scattered about into the social enjoyment of life.	philosophy
I refuse to let the standards of evil people chip away at my capacity for integrity.	philosophy
All men have their frailties; and whoever looks for a friend without imperfections, will never find what he seeks.	philosophy
Trebuie sa te departezi putin de tine ca sa te poti apropia de ceilalti.	philosophy
Anyway—because we are readers, we don't have to wait for some communications executive to decide what we should think about next—and how we should think about it. We can fill our heads with anything from aardvarks to zucchinis—at any time of night or day.	philosophy
If we are merely matter intricately assembled, is this really demeaning? If there's nothing here but atoms, does that make us less or does that make matter more?	philosophy
I’m so sunburned I’m embarrassed, but you can’t tell I’m blushing because I’m sunburned. I’m so ashamed I could just lie on the beach and die.	sarcasm
Future is one of the wildest experiences that you will ever have.	philosophy
What a lover’s heart knows let no man’s brain dispute.	philosophy
"Supposing there is no life everlasting. Think what it means if death is really the end of all things. They've given up all for nothing. They've been cheated. They're dupes.""  Waddington reflected for a little while. ""I wonder if it matters what they have aimed at is illusion. Their lives are in themselves beautiful. I have an idea that the only thing which makes it possible to regard this world we live in without disgust is the beauty which now and then men create out of the chaos. The pictures they paint, the music they compose, the books the write, and the lives they lead. Of all these the richest beauty is the beautiful life. That is the perfect work of art."	philosophy
Music made me kinder. Music made me a lover.	philosophy
Soulmate My Ass [10w]  Aspire to marry the person  the least wrong for you.	philosophy
Nobody really cares if you’re miserable, so you might as well be happy, and make the most of where you are	philosophy
In my heart's most secret place, I pity them as angels do.	philosophy
"I don't know how you persist in being so stubborn-"" ""It's a superpower. I was bitten by a radioactive mule."	sarcasm
When you draw something it lives and when you photograph it it dies	philosophy
Philosophy . . .consists chiefly in suggesting unintelligible answers to insoluble problems.	philosophy
The philosophers write about things as they are and as they appear to be, but as an artist I find that appearance is everything.	philosophy
Realizing the seriously ruthless, venomous habits and agendas of evil always instills a more fierce passion and longing for a closer God. Men, out of pride, may claim their own authorities over what constitutes good and evil; they may self-proclaim a keen knowledge of subjective morality through religion or science. But that is only if they are acknowledging the work of evil as a cartoon-like, petty little rain cloud in the sky that merely wants to dampen one's spirits. On the contrary, a man could be without a doubt lit with the strength, the peace, and the knowledge of the gods, his gods, but when or if the devils grow weary in unsuccessful attempts to torment him, they begin tormenting his loved ones, or, if not his loved ones, anyone who may attempt to grasp his philosophies. No matter how godly he may become, God is, in the end, his only hope and his only grace for the pressures built around him - it is left up to a higher authority and a more solid peace and a wider love to eclipse not just one's own evils but all evils for goodness to ultimately matter. If all men were gods, each being would dwell in a separate prison cell, hopeless, before finally imploding into nothingness.	philosophy
Le Corbusier was the sort of relentlessly rational intellectual that only France loves wholeheartedly, the logician who flies higher and higher in ever-decreasing concentric circles until, with one last, utterly inevitable induction, he disappears up his own fundamental aperture and emerges in the fourth dimension as a needle-thin umber bird.	philosophy
A poem is a painting with imagery and words; a painting is a poem of color on a reflecting mirror.	philosophy
Herein lies the supreme wisdom, human and divine; and the task of philosophy consists in teaching men to submit joyously to Necessity which hears nothing and is indifferent to all.	philosophy
I don't profess any religion; I don't think it’s possible that there is a God; I have the greatest difficulty in understanding what is meant by the words ‘spiritual’ or ‘spirituality.'  [<em>Interview, The New Yorker, Dec. 26, 2005</em>]	sarcasm
Did you have a rough month? I did :( but, you know what? There’s no time to dwell on a missed opportunity or worry about what I should’ve done or said, beating myself up &amp; making myself miserable about my mistakes. That doesn’t work. So will take notes from that, put it behind me, move on &amp; finish the year STRONG	philosophy
Good god it's great to be a Bull Mongoni!	philosophy
"Der Zweck der Philosophie ist die logische Klärung der Gedanken. Die Philosophie ist keine Lehre, sondern eine Tätigkeit. Ein philosophisches Werk besteht wesentlich aus Erläuterungen. Das Resultat der Philosophie sind nicht »philosophische Sätze«, sondern das Klarwerden von Sätzen. Die Philosophie soll die Gedanken, die sonst, gleichsam, trübe und verschwommen sind, klar machen und scharf abgrenzen.  4.112 The object of philosophy is the logical clarification of thoughts. Philosophy is not a theory but an activity. A philosophical work consists essentially of elucidations. The result of philosophy is not a number of ""philosophical propositions"", but to make propositions clear. Philosophy should make clear and delimit sharply the thoughts which otherwise are, as it were, opaque and blurred."	philosophy
Our virtues and our failings are inseparable, like force and matter. When they separate, man is no more.	philosophy
By heavens! there is something after all in the world allowing one man to steal a horse while another must not look at a halter. Steal a horse straight out. Very well. He has done it. Perhaps he can ride. But there is a way of looking at a halter that would provoke the most charitable of saints into a kick.	philosophy
Even better. We're going to be murdered in our beds by infidels.	sarcasm
Seafood  My body's just a shell, the world is my oyster ~ and I'm getting a whale of appetite right now for some delicious seafood .	philosophy
No dirt can touch me, like an ocean, everything that comes to me becomes clean.	philosophy
If you understand others you are smart. If you understand yourself you are illuminated. If you overcome others you are powerful. If you overcome yourself you have strength. If you know how to be satisfied you are rich. If you can act with vigor, you have a will. If you don't lose your objectives you can be long-lasting. If you die without loss, you are eternal.	philosophy
"It was the general opinion of ancient nations, that the divinity alone was adequate to the important office of giving laws to men... and modern nations, in the consecrations of kings, and in several superstitious chimeras of divine rights in princes and nobles, are nearly unanimous in preserving remnants of it... Is the jealousy of power, and the envy of superiority, so strong in all men, that no considerations of public or private utility are sufficient to engage their submission to rules for their own happiness? Or is the disposition to imposture so prevalent in men of experience, that their private views of ambition and avarice can be accomplished only by artifice? — … There is nothing in which mankind have been more unanimous; yet nothing can be inferred from it more than this, that the multitude have always been credulous, and the few artful. The United States of America have exhibited, perhaps, the first example of governments erected on the simple principles of nature: and if men are now sufficiently enlightened to disabuse themselves of artifice, imposture, hypocrisy, and superstition, they will consider this event as an era in their history. Although the detail of the formation of the American governments is at present little known or regarded either in Europe or America, it may hereafter become an object of curiosity. It will never be pretended that any persons employed in that service had any interviews with the gods, or were in any degree under the inspiration of heaven, any more than those at work upon ships or houses, or labouring in merchandize or agriculture: it will for ever be acknowledged that these governments were contrived merely by the use of reason and the senses. As Copley painted Chatham, West, Wolf, and Trumbull, Warren and Montgomery; as Dwight, Barlow, Trumbull, and Humphries composed their verse, and Belknap and Ramzay history; as Godfrey invented his quadrant, and Rittenhouse his planetarium; as Boylston practised inoculation, and <a href=""https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/289513.Franklin"" title=""Franklin"">Franklin</a> electricity; as <a href=""https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/57639.Paine"" title=""Paine"">Paine</a> exposed the mistakes of Raynal, and <a href=""https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/1673.Jefferson"" title=""Jefferson"">Jefferson</a> those of <a href=""https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/437367.Buffon"" title=""Buffon"">Buffon</a>, so unphilosophically borrowed from the Recherches Philosophiques sur les Américains those despicable dreams of de Pauw — neither the people, nor their conventions, committees, or sub-committees, considered legislation in any other light than ordinary arts and sciences, only as of more importance. Called without expectation, and compelled without previous inclination, though undoubtedly at the best period of time both for England and America, to erect suddenly new systems of laws for their future government, they adopted the method of a wise architect, in erecting a new palace for the residence of his sovereign. They determined to consult Vitruvius, Palladio, and all other writers of reputation in the art; to examine the most celebrated buildings, whether they remain entire or in ruins; compare these with the principles of writers; and enquire how far both the theories and models were founded in nature, or created by fancy: and, when this should be done, as far as their circumstances would allow, to adopt the advantages, and reject the inconveniences, of all. Unembarrassed by attachments to noble families, hereditary lines and successions, or any considerations of royal blood, even the pious mystery of holy oil had no more influence than that other of holy water: the people universally were too enlightened to be imposed on by artifice; and their leaders, or more properly followers, were men of too much honour to attempt it. Thirteen governments thus founded on the natural authority of the people alone, without a pretence of miracle or mystery, which are destined to spread over the northern part of that whole quarter of the globe, are a great point gained in favour of the rights of mankind.  [<em>Preface to 'A Defence of the Constitutions of the United States of America', 1787</em>]"	philosophy
Beyond the fiction of reality, there is the reality of the fiction.	philosophy
No single event can awaken within us a stranger whose existence we had never suspected. To live is to be slowly born.	philosophy
Still less, despite appearances, will it have been a collection of three “essays” whose itinerary it would be time, after the fact, to recognize; whose continuity and underlying laws could now be pointed out; indeed, whose overall concept or meaning could at last, with all the insistence required on such occasions, be squarely set forth. I will not feign, according to the code, either premeditation or improvisation. These texts are assembled otherwise; it is not my intention here to present them.	philosophy
Do not train a child to learn by force or harshness; but direct them to it by what amuses their minds, so that you may be better able to discover with accuracy the peculiar bent of the genius of each.	philosophy
Anxiety does not take away stress; it just enhances it. If you accept changes with optimism and love, anxiety will melt away.	philosophy
The line between him and the enemy had simultaneously blurred and solidified. Somehow, while perhaps it shouldn't have, this thought provided a strange sense of peace.	philosophy
Unfortunately for the good sense of mankind, the fact of their fallibility is far from carrying the weight in their practical judgement, which is always allowed to it in theory; for while every one well knows himself to be fallible, few think it necessary to take any precautions against their own fallibility.	philosophy
I couldn’t very well make a special delivery to the door of the constabulary now could I? And he’d have made the perfect scapegoat. That aura of misery he wraps himself in. So Byronesque. He’s too immersed in his own guilt to ever suspect it in another.	sarcasm
I can accept anything, except what seems to be the easiest for most people: the half-way, the almost, the just-about, the in-between.	philosophy
Out of the corner of my eye, I can see Felicity and Ann hunched over their ornaments as if they were fascinating relics from an archaeological dig. I note that their shoulders are trembling, and I realize that they are fighting laughter over my terrible plight. There's friendship for you.	sarcasm
Philosophy cannot and should not give us an account of faith, but should understand itself and know just what it has indeed to offer, without taking anything away, least of all cheating people out of something by making them think it is nothing.	philosophy
"All of Western philosophy is but a footnote to <a href=""https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/879.Plato"" title=""Plato"">Plato</a>."	philosophy
You show me a capitalist, and I'll show you a bloodsucker	philosophy
Rousseau identified reason as the disease for which it pretended to be the cure.	philosophy
Atheism is not a philosophy; it is not even a view of the world; it is simply an admission of the obvious. In fact, 'atheism' is a term that should not even exist. No one needs to identify himself as a 'non-astrologer' or a 'non-alchemist.' We do not have words for people who doubt that Elvis is still alive or that aliens have traversed the galaxy only to molest ranchers and cattle. Atheism is nothing more than the noises reasonable people make in the presence of unjustified religious beliefs.	philosophy
The negotiations were simultaneously cerebral and physical, abstract and personal, something like a combination of chess and mountain climbing.	philosophy
Thought is so cunning, so clever, that it distorts everything for its own convenience.	philosophy
No woman in maternity confinement can have stranger and more impatient wishes than I have.	philosophy
True education gives a child wings to fly in his imaginative blue sky.	philosophy
Whoever wishes to become a philosopher must learn not to be frightened by absurdities.	philosophy
And fetch some straw. We’ll put it between us and the ground. No reason we shouldn’t sleep soft tonight.” “Straw. I love luxury.	sarcasm
Love life, Live Love	philosophy
Their [philosophers] thinking is, in fact, far less a discovery than a re-recognizing, a remembering, a return and a home-coming to a far-off, ancient common-household of the soul, out of which those ideas formerly grew: philosophizing is so far a kind of atavism of the highest order.	philosophy
When it rains it pours and when it shines you get melanoma.	sarcasm
The spread of evil is the symptom of a vacuum. Whenever evil wins, it is only by default: by the moral failure of those who evade the fact that there can be no compromise on basic principles.	philosophy
To brighten your vision, look at the positive side of life with great love.	philosophy
I speak gibberish to the civilized world and it replies in kind.	philosophy
Although you may not stumble across a Martian in the garden, you might stumble across yourself. The day that happens, you'll probably also scream a little. And that'll be perfectly all right, because it's not every day you realize you're a living planet dweller on a little island in the universe.	philosophy
Writers may be classified as meteors, planets, and fixed stars. They belong not to one system, one nation only, but to the universe. And just because they are so very far away, it is usually many years before their light is visible to the inhabitants of this earth.	philosophy
I think I exist, therefore I exist. I think.	philosophy
religion, the most powerful of the elements which have entered into the formation of moral feeling, having almost always been governed either by the ambition of a hierarchy, seeking control over every department of human conduct, or by the spirit of Puritanism.	philosophy
A hydrogen atom in a cell at the end of my nose was once part of an elephant's trunk. A carbon atom in my cardiac muscle was once in the tail of a dinosaur.	philosophy
You know the difference between right and wrong,' he repeated finally. 'Man, why did you need Initiation—by the Golden Dawn, or by anybody else? You are a genius, a sage, a giant among men. You have solved the problem which philosophers have been debating since antiquity—the mystery about which no two nations or tribes have ever agreed, and no two men or women have ever agreed, and no intelligent person has ever agreed totally with himself from one day to the next. <em>You know the difference between right and wrong.</em> I am overawed. I swoon. I figuratively kiss your feet.	sarcasm
We are the lucky ones for we shall die, as there is an infinite number of possible forms of DNA all but a few billions of which will never burst into consciousness.	philosophy
Men have such a good opinion of themselves, of their mental superiority and intellectual depth; they believe themselves so skilled in discerning the true from the false, the path of safety from those of error, that they should be forbidden as much as possible the perusal of philosophic writings.	philosophy
Losing a belief in free will has not made me fatalistic—in fact, it has increased my feelings of freedom. My hopes, fears, and neuroses seem less personal and indelible. There is no telling how much I might change in the future. Just as one wouldn’t draw a lasting conclusion about oneself on the basis of a brief experience of indigestion, one needn’t do so on the basis of how one has thought or behaved for vast stretches of time in the past. A creative change of inputs to the system—learning new skills, forming new relationships, adopting new habits of attention—may radically transform one’s life.	philosophy
When you come to look into this argument from design, it is a most astonishing thing that people can believe that this world, with all the things that are in it, with all its defects, should be the best that omnipotence and omniscience have been able to produce in millions of years. I really cannot believe it. Do you think that, if you were granted omnipotence and omniscience and millions of years in which to perfect your world, you could produce nothing better than the Ku Klux Klan or the Fascists? Moreover, if you accept the ordinary laws of science, you have to suppose that human life and life in general on this planet will die out in due course: it is a stage in the decay of the solar system; at a certain stage of decay you get the sort of conditions of temperature and so forth which are suitable to protoplasm, and there is life for a short time in the life of the whole solar system. You see in the moon the sort of thing to which the earth is tending -- something dead, cold, and lifeless.	philosophy
I'm sorry I missed the meeting and hurt your little feely-weels okay?	sarcasm
FRANCISCUS: How sweetly she looks! Oh, but there's a wrinkle in her brow as deep as philosophy.	philosophy
Our ancestors have invented, we can at least innovate.	philosophy
…it can hardly be over-exaggerated that speculative thinking is always drawn from the necessities of the time, that it is always practical, that it always shifts with the interests of the times, with the changes of social, economic, and political conditions, and finally, that it is vain to hope to find an <em>eternal</em>, <em>fixed</em>, and <em>immutable</em> system of philosophy, and still hope for progress. A fixed system is applicable only to a dead society.	philosophy
Popular medicine and popular morality belong together and ought not to be evaluated so differently as they still are: both are the most dangerous pseudo-sciences.	philosophy
Many of our most serious conflicts are conflicts within ourselves. Those who suppose their judgements are always consistent are unreflective or dogmatic.	philosophy
The hardest bones, containing the richest marrow, can be conquered only by a united crushing of all the teeth of all dogs. That of course is only a figure of speech and exaggerated; if all teeth were but ready they would not need even to bite, the bones would crack themselves and the marrow would be freely accessible to the feeblest of dogs. If I remain faithful to this metaphor, then the goal of my aims, my questions, my inquiries, appears monstrous, it is true. For I want to compel all dogs thus to assemble together, I want the bones to crack open under the pressure of their collective preparedness, and then I want to dismiss them to the ordinary life they love, while all by myself, quite alone, I lap up the marrow. That sounds monstrous, almost as if I wanted to feed on the marrow, not merely of bone, but of the whole canine race itself. But it is only a metaphor. The marrow that I am discussing here is no food; on the contrary, it is a poison.	philosophy
With the truth, all given facts harmonize; but with what is false, the truth soon hits a wrong note.	philosophy
Nothing sweeter than to drag oneself along behind events; and nothing more reasonable. But without a strong dose of madness, no initiative, no enterprise, no gesture. Reason: the rust of our vitality. It is the madman in us who forces us to adventure; once he abandons us, we are lost; everything depends on him, even our vegetative life; it is he who invites us, who obliges us to breathe, and it is also he who forces our blood to venture through our veins. Once he withdraws, we are alone indeed! We cannot be normal and alive at the same time.	philosophy
Everything, no matter how beautiful, is only with us for awhile.	philosophy
"It's a thought,"" I said with a grin. ""That's exactly what it is, Dan - a thought - no more real than the shadow of a shadow. Consciousness is not In the body; the body is In Consciousness. And you Are that Consciousness - no the phantom mind that troubles you so. You are the body, but you are everything else, too. That is what your visions revealed to you. Only the mind resists change. When you relax mindless into the body, you are happy and content and free, sensing no separation. Immortality is Already yours, but not in the same way you imagined or hope for. You have been immortal since before you were born and will be long after the body dissolves. The body is in Consciousness; never born; never dies; only changes. The mind - your ego, personal beliefs, history, and identity - is all that ends at death. And who needs it?"" Socrates leaned back into his chair. ""I'm not sure all of that sank in."" ""Of course not."" He laughed. ""Words mean little unless you realize the truth of it yourself. And when you do, you'll be free at last."	philosophy
Perhaps what is inexpressible (what I find mysterious and am not able to express) is the background against which whatever I could express has its meaning.	philosophy
Dreams. They start in your beautiful mind. Think of beautiful things and it will manifest into actions because your body will listen to you. Like it always does.	philosophy
Being established in my life, buttressed by my thinking nature, fastened down in this transcendental field which was opened for me by my first perception, and in which all absence is merely the obverse of a presence, all silence a modality of the being of sound, I enjoy a sort of ubiquity and theoretical eternity, I feel destined to move in a flow of endless life, neither the beginning nor the end of which I can experience in thought, since it is my living self who think of them, and since thus my life always precedes and survives itself.	philosophy
There is your truth and there is my truth. As for the universal truth, it does not exist.	philosophy
It is difficult to learn what you do not enjoy. So love every bit of knowledge and enjoy every moment.	philosophy
A bird is safe in its nest - but that is not what its wings are made for.	philosophy
In actual fact. The manifold sexualities - those which appear with the different ages (sexualities of the infant or the child), those which become fixated on particular tastes or practices (the sexuality of the invert, the gerontophile, the fetishist), those which, in a diffuse manner, invest relationships (the sexuality of doctor and patient, teacher and student, psychiatrist and mental patient), those which haunt spaces (the sexuality of the home, the school, the prison)- all form the correlate of exact procedures of power.	philosophy
I felt the taste of mortality in my mouth, and at that moment I understood that I was not going to live forever. It takes a long time to learn that, but when you finally do, everything changes inside you, you can never be the same again. I was seventeen years old, and all of a sudden, without the slightest flicker of a doubt, I understood that my life was my own, that it belonged to me and no one else. I’m talking about freedom, Fogg. A sense of despair that becomes so great, so crushing, so catastrophic, that you have no choice but to be liberated by it. That’s the only choice, or else you crawl into a corner and die.	philosophy
The scepticism which men affect towards their higher inspirations is often not an honest doubt, but a guilty negligence, and is a sign of narrow mind and defective wisdom.	philosophy
He's asleep in the harbor, disguised as dog shit.	sarcasm
That's the spirit! Make it chicken broth or nothing. That's putting the old foot down. If she's determined to have a nervous breakdown, the least we can do is see that she doesn't have it in peace.	sarcasm
How can a society that exists on instant mashed potatoes, packaged cake mixes, frozen dinners, and instant cameras teach patience to its young?	philosophy
It's not something a kid like you should've gotten ahold of.	sarcasm
If you don't want a man unhappy politically, don't give him two sides to a question to worry him; give him one. Better yet, give him none. Let him forget there is such a thing as war. If the government is inefficient, top-heavy, and tax-mad, better it be all those than that people worry over it. Peace, Montag. Give the people contests they win by remembering the words to more popular songs or the names of state capitals or how much corn Iowa grew last year. Cram them full of noncombustible data, chock them so damned full of 'facts' they feel stuffed, but absolutely 'brilliant' with information. Then they'll feel they're thinking, they'll get a <em>sense</em> of motion without moving. And they'll be happy, because facts of that sort don't change.	philosophy
Whether you take the doughnut hole as a blank space or as an entity unto itself is a purely metaphysical question and does not affect the taste of the doughnut one bit.	philosophy
Perfection is something we should all strive for. It's a duty and a joy to perfect one's nature... The most difficult thing is love. A loveless, driving person that just competes in the rat race is far from perfection in my book.	philosophy
If a thing is worth doing, it is worth doing badly.	philosophy
There is nothing deep down inside us except what we have put there ourselves.	philosophy
The ways of fate are indeed hard to understand. If there is not some compensation hereafter, then the world is a cruel jest.	philosophy
Thought is what we start from: the simple, intimate, immediate datum. Matter is the inferred thing, the mystery.	philosophy
The search for something permanent is one of the deepest of the instincts leading men to philosophy.	philosophy
I can blend words easily with my pen, and show concepts from deep within. Yet not everyone gets the message I send. So why do I even let these words begin? Maybe they will soak in one day at the right time. When the readers on a new path to find. So for now I'll continue to drop ink and not worry about what other people think.	philosophy
Who is wise? He that learns from everyone. Who is powerful? He that governs his passions. Who is rich? He that is content. Who is that? Nobody.	philosophy
You are not just for the right or left, but for what is right over the wrong.	philosophy
To better understand God we must first shatter our own idea of God - maybe even day after day. Maybe he's too great to stay compressed in the human mind. Maybe he splits it wide open; this is why pretentious intellectualism so often fails to comprehend the concept of God: it is only accepting of what it can explain while in the process finding higher sources offensive. What we may confidently assert is that faith is the opening that allows God, this unpredictable, unseen power, to travel in and out of the mind without all the pains of confusion.	philosophy
Pretending will only make us anxious and encourages us to make friends with a reason, then depending with lies, thereafter we will make love with stupidity	sarcasm
Criticism of others is thus an oblique form of self-commendation. We think we make the picture hang straight on our wall by telling our neighbors that all his pictures are crooked.	philosophy
Do not fear to be eccentric in opinion, for every opinion now accepted was once eccentric.	philosophy
Man is able to decide for or against reason, he is able to create beyond reason or to destroy below reason	philosophy
As long as one believes in philosophy, one is healthy; sickness begins when one starts to think.	philosophy
I think it's much more interesting to live not knowing than to have answers which might be wrong. I have approximate answers and possible beliefs and different degrees of uncertainty about different things, but I am not absolutely sure of anything and there are many things I don't know anything about, such as whether it means anything to ask why we're here. I don't have to know an answer. I don't feel frightened not knowing things, by being lost in a mysterious universe without any purpose, which is the way it really is as far as I can tell.	philosophy
"What did Isabelle want?"" Jace asked. Alec hesitated. ""Isabelle says the Queen of the Seelie Court has requested an audience with us."" ""Sure,"" said Magnus. ""And Madonna wants me as a backup dancer on her next world tour."" Alec looked puzzled. ""Who's Madonna?"" ""Who's the Queen of the Seelie Court?"" said Clary. ""She is the Queen of Faerie,"" said Magnus. ""Well, the local one, anyway."" Jace put his head in his hands. ""Tell Isabelle no."" ""But she thinks it's a good idea,"" Alec protested. ""Then tell her no twice."	sarcasm
Comedy aims at representing men as worse, Tragedy as better than in actual life.	philosophy
"[Men] prefer the foolish belief and the passions of the earth [to the enlightenment of their souls]. They believe the absurd and shrink from the truth.""  ""No, they do not. They are afraid, that is all. And they must remain on earth until they come to the way of leaving it.""  ""And how do they leave? How is the ascent made? Must one learn virtue?""  Here she laughs. ""You have read too much, and learned too little. Virtue is a road, not a destination. Man cannot be virtuous. Understanding is the goal. When that is achieved, the soul can take wing."	philosophy
Push my buttons, and I'll push you off a bridge. 	sarcasm
Only philosophers embark on this perilous expedition to the outermost reaches of language and existence. Some of them fall off, but others cling on desperately and yell at the people nestling deep in the snug softness, stuffing themselves with delicious food and drink. 'Ladies and Gentlemen,' they yell, 'we are floating in space!' But none of the people down there care	philosophy
The boundaries we erect to divide heaven from earth, mind from matter, real from unreal are mere conveniences. Having made the boundaries, we can unmake them just as easily.	philosophy
The wise man who has become accustomed to necessities knows better how to share with others than how to take from them, so great a treasure of self-sufficiency has he found.	philosophy
The journey is what brings us happiness not the destination.	philosophy
This is what happened in love. One of you cried a lot and then both of you grew sarcastic.	sarcasm
I am a feminist because in every woman I can see reflection of my mother.	philosophy
"I could just hear my mom now, ""You know those old candy cigarettes are bad for you. Next thing you know, you'll be drinking alcohol, and they'll find you dead in a ditch somewhere. I'll never be able to show my face in this town again."	sarcasm
When I compete, I leave it all on the table. That's my philosophy for the Hot Dog Eating Contest. Do you know what's in those things? Gross!	philosophy
At the very best, a mind enclosed in language is in prison. It is limited to the number of relations which words can make simultaneously present to it; and remains in ignorance of thoughts which involve the combination of a greater number. These thoughts are outside language, they are unformulable, although they are perfectly rigorous and clear and although every one of the relations they involve is capable of precise expression in words. So the mind moves in a closed space of partial truth, which may be larger or smaller, without ever being able so much as to glance at what is outside.	philosophy
To become a true global citizen, one must abandon all notions of 'otherness' and instead embrace 'togetherness'.	philosophy
Teaism is a cult founded on the adoration of the beautiful among the sordid facts of everyday existence. It inculcates purity and harmony, the mystery of mutual charity, the romanticism of the social order. It is essentially a worship of the Imperfect, as it is a tender attempt to accomplish something possible in this impossible thing we know as life.	philosophy
The best things in life are crazy.	philosophy
"NOT to my contemporaries, not to my compatriots but to  mankind I commit my now completed work in the confidence that it will not be without value for them, even  if this should be late recognised, as is commonly the lot  of what is good. For it cannot have been for the passing  generation, engrossed with the delusion of the moment,  that my mind, almost against my will, has uninterruptedly  stuck to its work through the course of a long life.  preface to the second edition of ""the world as will and representation"	philosophy
Dont tout «avoir» effectif doit tirer son prestige immédiat et sa fonction dernière.	philosophy
Let those who want to save the world if you can get to see it clear and as a whole. Then any part you make will represent the whole if it's made truly. The thing to do is work and learn to make it.	philosophy
La prueba de ausencia no es prueba de ausencia	philosophy
Philosophy is the highest music.	philosophy
I am an i poet.	philosophy
The Unspoken Speaks Volumes  Stillness brackets the exchanges between lovers. It is not the lack of sound, but an encapsulated silence of resonance.   Resonant silences stand like bookends,  embracing their thoughts; though formal pleasantries vibrate the air, they are more ritual than communication.  The couples true intents are articulated  in the unspoken. Two bodies. One soul.	philosophy
No lake so still but it has its wave. No circle so perfect but that it has its blur. I would change things for you if I could; As I can't you must take them as they are.	philosophy
Kishan stretched out his hand and touched and earring lightly. His rakish pirate about-to-make-off-with-your-woman-and-what-do-you-think-you're-gonna-do-about-it look melted away to a soft smile that turned up the corner of his mouth.	sarcasm
Culture had worked in her own case, but during the last few weeks she had doubted whether it humanized the majority, so wide and so widening is the gulf that stretches between the natural and the philosophic man, so many the good chaps who are wrecked in trying to cross it.	philosophy
"Janice rolled her eyes. First, the doctor had ogled her, and now Karr was leering at her and licking his lips lasciviously. ""Oh this is great. I'm being mentally undressed by a space pirate."	sarcasm
What a waste my life would be without all the beautiful mistakes I've made.	philosophy
Existence is beyond the power of words To define: Terms may be used But are none of them absolute. In the beginning of heaven and earth there were no words, Words came out of the womb of matter; And whether a man dispassionately Sees to the core of life Or passionately Sees the surface, The core and the surface Are essentially the same, Words making them seem different Only to express appearance. If name be needed, wonder names them both: From wonder into wonder Existence opens.	philosophy
We join spokes together in a wheel,  but it is the center hole  that makes the wagon move.  We shape clay into a pot,  but it is the emptiness inside that holds whatever we want.  We hammer wood for a house,  but it is the inner space that makes it livable.  We work with being,  but non-being is what we use.	philosophy
Reality is harsh. It can be cruel and ugly. Yet no matter how much we grieve over our environment and circumstances nothing will change. What is important is not to be defeated, to forge ahead bravely. If we do this, a path will open before us.	philosophy
Es ist nicht genug, zu wissen, man muß auch anwenden; es ist nicht genug, zu wollen, man muß auch tun.	philosophy
For others, in spite of myself, from myself.	philosophy
when a language dies, a way of understanding the world dies with it, a way of looking at the world.	philosophy
The unity of scientific and spiritual knowledge is realized when each of the particular sciences is organically related to the supreme knowledge of al-tawhid.	philosophy
To be incapable of taking one’s enemies, one’s accidents, even one’s misdeeds seriously for very long - that is the sign of strong full natures in whom there is an excess of power to form, to mold, to recuperate and to forget. Mirabeau had no memory for insults and vile actions done to him and was unable to forgive simply because he - forgot. Such a man shakes off with a single shrug the many vermin that eat deep into others.	philosophy
I think, therefore I'll think.	philosophy
"I have always thought that all philosophical debates are ultimately between the partisans of structure and the partisans of ""goo."	philosophy
Theology, philosophy, metaphysics, and quantum physics are merely ways for God to have his smart people believe in him	philosophy
Poetry is an art that uses words to paint vivid pictures of perceptions and emotions.	philosophy
Mathematicians finally developed a financial model to accurately compare apples and oranges. Any two kinds of fruit can be compared, although guavas still cause minor rounding errors.	philosophy
...the rarest of all human qualities is consistency.	philosophy
I like Dancing of Indian girls more than my parents’ prayers . Because they dance with love and passion . But my parents just say their prayers because they got used to it .	philosophy
The most total opposite of pleasure is not pain but boredom, for we are willing to risk pain to make a boring life interesting.	philosophy
Irreverence is a most necessary ingredient of religion. Not to speak of its importance in philosophy. Irreverence is the only way left to us for testing our universe.	philosophy
Edna restored the toffee to the centre of her tongue and sucking pleasurably, resumed her typing of Naked Love by Armand Levine. Its painstaking eroticism left her uninterested--as indeed it did most of Mr. Levine's readers, in spite of his efforts. He was a notable example of the fact that nothing can be duller than dull pornography.	sarcasm
There is no problem more difficult to solve than that created by ourselves.	philosophy
Philosophy, from the earliest times, has made greater claims, and achieved fewer results, than any other branch of learning.	philosophy
The mark of your ignorance is the depth of your belief in injustice and tragedy. What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls a butterfly.	philosophy
Aestheticism and radicalism must lead us to jettison reason, and to replace it by a desperate hope for political miracles. This irrational attitude which springs from intoxication with dreams of a beautiful world is what I call Romanticism. It may seek its heavenly city in the past or in the future; it may preach ‘back to nature’ or ‘forward to a world of love and beauty’; but its appeal is always to our emotions rather than to reason. Even with the best intentions of making heaven on earth it only succeeds in making it a hell – that hell which man alone prepares for his fellow-men.	philosophy
The best consolation in misfortune or affliction of any kind will be the thought of other people who are in a still worse plight than yourself; and this is a form of consolation open to every one. But what an awful fate this means for mankind as a whole! We are like lambs in a field, disporting themselves under the eye of the butcher, who chooses out first one and then another for his prey.	philosophy
Almost all arguments for skepticism make reference to seemingly ridiculous possibilities—we are being deceived by an evil demon, life is just a dream, we are brains in vats. You might propose psychoanalysis, rather than philosophical reflection, for anyone who worries about these possibilities.	philosophy
Knowledge becomes evil if the aim be not virtuous.	philosophy
The evolution revolution is here. Global sense makes common sense.	philosophy
Those who meet Jesus always experience either joy or its opposites, either foretastes of Heaven or foretastes of Hell. Not everyone who meets Jesus is pleased, and not everyone is happy, but everyone is shocked.	philosophy
The bounties of space, of infinite outwardness, were three: empty heroics, low comedy, and pointless death.	philosophy
I've been trying to figure that out since I met him. I've had more luck trying to smell the color nine.	sarcasm
Physical objects are conceptually imported into the situation as convenient intermediaries not by definition in terms of experience, but simply as irreducible posits comparable, epistemologically, to the gods of Homer . . . For my part I do, qua lay physicist, believe in physical objects and not in Homer's gods; and I consider it a scientific error to believe otherwise. But in point of epistemological footing, the physical objects and the gods differ only in degree and not in kind. Both sorts of entities enter our conceptions only as cultural posits.	philosophy
You must be a blast on long car rides.”  “Oh, I am. You haven't experienced fun until you try to fuck in the front seat of a Civic.	sarcasm
The world is a garden of philosophy. God is its gardener; Man is the visitor. And any tree that does not bear fruits of philosophy either does not belong to that garden or is yet to be grown.	philosophy
Society can and does execute its own mandates: and if it issues wrong mandates instead of right, or any mandates at all in things with which it ought not to meddle, it practises a social tyranny more formidable than many kinds of political oppression...	philosophy
He who is more mindful of one, loses the love and the faith of both.	philosophy
Sarcasm is wasted on those who haven’t had a decent night’s sleep, my darling.	sarcasm
In societies where modern conditions of production prevail, all of life presents itself as an immense accumulation of spectacles. Everything that was directly lived has moved away into a representation.	philosophy
Each day acquire something that will fortify you against poverty, against death, indeed against other misfortunes as well; and after you have run over many thoughts, select one to be thoroughly digested that day.	philosophy
"I’ve always hated the “Who are you?"" question. This is a philosophical inquiry. Answering that question is why we’re on earth. You can’t answer it in thirty seconds or in an elevator."	philosophy
Go make love to a tube sock.	sarcasm
With the arrival of electric technology, man has extended, or set outside himself, a live model of the central nervous system itself. To the degree that this is so, it is a development that suggests a desperate suicidal autoamputation, as if the central nervous system could no longer depend on the physical organs to be protective buffers against the slings and arrows of outrageous mechanism.	philosophy
Things do not change; we change.	philosophy
"Call it ""a wonder"" or ""a mystery"" and you have an excuse to never try understanding it - an excuse to not take responsibility for it. People knew about love no more than they knew about Science, but at least most did not jump into Science headstrong, with the hope that they would figure it out as they went, or that some ""mysterious"" inborn trait would take care of it."	philosophy
You couldn't find your dick in the dark, you scheming, sleaze-mongering scumwad.	sarcasm
Mendel had a remarkable nature as a boy. I’m not talking about miracles. Miracles are a burden for a tzaddik, not the proof of one. Miracles prove nothing except to those whose faith is bought very cheap, sir. There was something in Mendele. There was a fire.	philosophy
"I think my reputation will look after itself,"" Holmes said. ""If they hang me, Watson, I shall leave it to you to persuade your readers that the whole thing was a misunderstanding."	sarcasm
I've heard that the best way to help poor people is to make sure you don't become one of them	sarcasm
I like to love you as the moon loves the night. I only like to exist and feel my presence when you are with me.	philosophy
I love you as my shadow loves me.	philosophy
If you wake up tired, you’ve been chasing dreams. If you go to bed tired, your making your dreams happen.	philosophy
The best proof that He will never cease to love us lies in that He never began.	philosophy
No matter how you care to define it, I do not identify with the local group. Planet, species, race, nation, state, religion, party, union, club, association, neighborhood improvement committee; I have no interest in any of it. I love and treasure individuals as I meet them, I loathe and despise the groups they identify with and belong to.	philosophy
If I had to live my life over, I'd live over a saloon.	philosophy
Before man ventures into daydreams about his futuristic society, he should first immerse himself in the nothingness of his being, and finally restore life to what it is all about: a working hypothesis.	philosophy
No man is crushed by misfortune unless he has first been deceived by prosperity	philosophy
"A thought transfixed me: for the first time in my life I saw the truth as it is set into song by so many poets, proclaimed as the final wisdom by so many thinkers. The truth-that love is the ultimate and the highest goal to which a man can aspire.   Then I grasped the meaning of the greatest secret that human poetry and human thought and belief have to impart: The salvation of human is through love and in love.   I understood how a man who has nothing left in this world still may know bliss, be it only for the brief moment, in the contemplation of his beloved. In a position of utter desolation, when a man cannot express himself in positive action, when his only achievement may consist in enduring his sufferings in the right way-an honorable way-in such a position man can, through loving contemplation of the image he carries of his beloved, achieve fulfillment.   For the first time in my life I was able to understand the meaning of the words,""The angels are lost in perpetual contemplation of an infinite glory."	philosophy
Billy tries to imagine the vast systems that support these athletes. They are among the best-cared for creatures in the history of the planet, beneficiaries of the best nutrition, the latest technologies, the finest medical care, they live at the very pinnacle of American innovation and abundance, which inspires an extraordinary thought - send them to fight the war! Send them just as they are this moment, well rested, suited up, psyched for brutal combat, send the entire NFL! Attack with all our bears and raiders, our ferocious redskins, our jets, eagles, falcons, chiefs, patriots, cowboys - how could a bunch of skinny hajjis in man-skits and sandals stand a chance against these all-Americans? Resistance is futile, oh Arab foes. Surrender now and save yourself a world of hurt, for our mighty football players cannot be stopped, they are so huge, so strong, so fearsomely ripped that mere bombs and bullets bounce off their bones of steel. Submit, lest our awesome NFL show you straight to the flaming gates of hell!	sarcasm
…let us point out precisely the difficulties of empiricism as a theory of knowledge. First, it begins with two <em>fixed, unchangeable</em> ultimates--mind and matter. Second, it asserts that knowledge is the agreement of ideas with each other, in which case we are not dealing with nature or things at all, and consequently, have left out one of our ultimates. Third, it then asserts (for it is essential that knowledge should somehow or other be connected with things) that knowledge consists in the agreement between an idea and a thing; and in this case we can never tell when the agreement takes place; and furthermore, it is impossible for ideas and things to disagree, for, according to the theory, ideas are <em>copies</em> of things. This means that empiricism <em>can not account for the fact of error</em>. Every theory of knowledge must make a place for error, for, as is evident, error seems to be as industrious as truth. Consequently, if knowledge actually does take place, if there is such an activity, thing, or relation as knowledge, empiricism fails to give an account of it which is free from contradictions. The moral is, as the stories in our school readers say, don't begin with <em>fixed</em> things, for they beguileth one into inconsistencies.	philosophy
I bargained with Life for a penny, And Life would pay no more,  However I begged at evening When I counted my scanty store;  For Life is just an employer, He gives you what you ask, But once you have set the wages, Why, you must bear the task.  I worked for a menial's hire, Only to learn, dismayed, That any wage I had asked of Life, Life would have paid.	philosophy
Me, I've seen 45 years, and I've only figured out one thing. That's this: if a person would just make the effort, there's something to be learned from everything. From even the most ordinary, commonplace things, there's always something you can learn. I read somewhere that they said there's even different philosophies in razors. Fact is, if it weren't for that, nobody'd survive.	philosophy
Sometimes... Reason and Love are met with a violent ignorance that even what's right gets lost. Our heart bleeds, but when does the blood shed end and the healing begin?	philosophy
Marriage is always something of a compromise, as I'm sure you're now aware. Any long-term relationship is - and one does have to see it in the long term, Charles. No, I expect your mother and myself will never divorce. It's uneconomic and, at my age, usually unnecessary.	sarcasm
Oh, why does compassion weaken us?'  It doesn't, really ... Somewhere where it all balances out - don't the philosophers have a name for it, the perfect place, the place where the answers live? - if we could go there, you could see it doesn't. It only looks, a little bit, like it does, from here, like an ant at the foot of an oak tree. He doesn't have a clue that it's a tree; it's the beginning of the wall round the world, to him.	philosophy
What comes, is called.	philosophy
One great thinker said one thing, another said another, and while the two thoughts are contradicting, the one that backs my argument at the moment is the superior statement.	philosophy
Love in the Afterlife [10w]  Maybe I'll love you in the afterlife. This life, fuhgeddaboudit.	philosophy
The only safe thing is to take a chance.	philosophy
"A student, filled with emotion and crying, implored, ""Why is there so much suffering?""  Suzuki Roshi replied, ""No reason."	philosophy
Since God is truth, a contempt for truth is equally a contempt for God.	philosophy
What if nobody showed up at Armageddon?	philosophy
If it is bread that you seek, you will have bread.  If it is the soul you seek, you will find the soul.  If you understand this secret, you know you are that which you seek.	philosophy
I will tell you why I became a philosopher. I became a philosopher because I wanted to be able to talk about many, many things, ideally with knowledge, but sometimes not quite the amount of knowledge that I would need if I were to be a specialist in them. It allows you to be many different things. And plurality and complexity are very, very important to me.	philosophy
An intelligent man is one who acknowledges his intelligence as that of those who surround him.	philosophy
The first time Calypso came to check on [Leo], it was to complain about the noise. “Smoke and fire,” she said. “Clanging on metal all day long. You’re scaring away the birds!” “Oh, no, not the birds!	sarcasm
To exist is to change, to change is to mature, to mature is to go on creating oneself endlessly.	philosophy
"What is in mind is a sort of Chautauqua...that's the only name I can think of for it...like the traveling tent-show Chautauquas that used to move across America, this America, the one that we are now in, an old-time series of popular talks intended to edify and entertain, improve the mind and bring culture and enlightenment to the ears and thoughts of the hearer. The Chautauquas were pushed aside by faster-paced radio, movies and TV, and it seems to me the change was not entirely an improvement. Perhaps because of these changes the stream of national consciousness moves faster now, and is broader, but it seems to run less deep. The old channels cannot contain it and in its search for new ones there seems to be growing havoc and destruction along its banks. In this Chautauqua I would like not to cut any new channels of consciousness but simply dig deeper into old ones that have become silted in with the debris of thoughts grown stale and platitudes too often repeated. ""What's new?"" is an interesting and broadening eternal question, but one which, if pursued exclusively, results only in an endless parade of trivia and fashion, the silt of tomorrow. I would like, instead, to be concerned with the question ""What is best?,"" a question which cuts deeply rather than broadly, a question whose answers tend to move the silt downstream. There are eras of human history in which the channels of thought have been too deeply cut and no change was possible, and nothing new ever happened, and ""best"" was a matter of dogma, but that is not the situation now. Now the stream of our common consciousness seems to be obliterating its own banks, losing its central direction and purpose, flooding the lowlands, disconnecting and isolating the highlands and to no particular purpose other than the wasteful fulfillment of its own internal momentum. Some channel deepening seems called for."	philosophy
Faith in faith' he answered himself. 'It isn't necessary to have something to believe in. It's only necessary to believe that somewhere there's something worthy of belief.	philosophy
No rational argument will have a rational effect on a man who does not want to adopt a rational attitude.	philosophy
This law … defines the limits of competition in the community of life. You may compete to the full extent of your capabilities, but you may not hunt down your competitors or destroy their food or deny them access to food. In other words, you may compete but you may not wage war.	philosophy
The darkness behind my closed eyelids was like the cloud-covered sky, but the gray was somewhat deeper. Every few minutes, someone would come and paint over the gray with a different-textured gray - one with a touch of gold or green or red. I was impressed with the variety of grays that existed. Human beings were so strange. All you had to do was sit still for ten minutes, and you could see this amazing variety of grays.	philosophy
Slowly we became silent, and silence itself if an enemy to friendship.	philosophy
You talk when you cease to be at peace with your thoughts.	philosophy
Imagination is not, as some poets have thought, simply synonymous with good. It may be either good or evil. As long as art remained primarily mimetic, the evil which imagination could do was limited by nature. Again, as long as it was treated as an amusement, the evil which it could do was limited in scope. But in an age when the connection between imagination and figuration is beginning to be dimly realized, when the fact of the directionally creator relation is beginning to break through into consciousness, both the good and the evil latent in the working of imagination begin to appear unlimited. We have seen in the Romantic movement an instance of the way in which the making of images may react upon the collective representations. It is a fairly rudimentary instance, but even so it has already gone beyond the dreams and responses of a leisured few. The economic and social structure of Switzerland is noticeably affected by its tourist industry, and that is due only in part to increased facilities of travel. It is due not less to the condition that (whatever may be said about their ‘particles’) the mountains which twentieth-century man sees are not the mountains which eighteenth-century man saw.  It may be objected that this is a very small matter, and that it will be a long time before the imagination of man substantially alters those appearances of nature with which his figuration supplies him. But then I am taking the long view. Even so, we need not be too confident. Even if the pace of change remained the same, one who is really sensitive to (for example) the difference between the medieval collective representations and our own will be aware that, without traveling any greater distance than we have come since the fourteenth century, we could very well move forward into a chaotically empty or fantastically hideous world. But the pace of change has not remained the same. It has accelerated and is accelerating.   We should remember this, when appraising the aberrations of the formally representational arts. Of course, in so far as these are due to affectation, they are of no importance. But in so far as they are genuine, they are genuine because the artist has in some way or other experienced the world he represents. And in so far as they are appreciated, they are appreciated by those who are themselves willing to make a move towards seeing the world in that way, and, ultimately therefore, seeing that kind of world. We should remember this, when we see pictures of a dog with six legs emerging from a vegetable marrow or a woman with a motorbicycle substituted for her left breast.	philosophy
Well, child? Aren't you going to try to turn me into some kind of unspeakable creature?  I don't think I shall bother, madam, seeing as you are making such a good job of it yourself!	sarcasm
"Should I pull on a shirt?"" he asked with hint of amusement. I WILL NOT BLUSH. ""No."" He'd be doing the world a favor if he never wore a shirt again, but I wasn't going to tell him that part. ""You're fine."	sarcasm
Today is a special day for you and for the universe. Today you started your life’s journey and the universe got a precious gift and that is you. I am wishing you a day of joy to fill your life with pleasant surprises.	philosophy
Word of advice - never ask a terrorist the question 'What would you do for a Klondike bar?'.	sarcasm
In our country religion is not different from philosophy and religion &amp; philosophy don’t differ from science.	philosophy
We are here and it is now. The way I see it is, after that, everything tends towards guesswork.	philosophy
It is a bitter thought, how different a thing the Christianity of the world might have been, if the Christian faith had been adopted as the religion of the empire under the auspices of Marcus Aurelius instead of those of Constantine.	philosophy
The poet…is the man of metaphor: while the philosopher is interested only in the truth of meaning, beyond even signs and names, and the sophist manipulates empty signs…the poet plays on the multiplicity of signifieds.	philosophy
If that which we have found is the corruption of solitude, then what can men wish for save corruption? If this is the great evil of being alone, than what is good and what is evil?	philosophy
Some people talk in their sleep. Lecturers talk while other people sleep	philosophy
After your death, you will be what you were before your birth.	philosophy
Deliverance is not for me in renunciation. I feel the embrace of freedom in a thousand bonds of delight.	philosophy
On the Bigotry of Culture: : it presented us with culture, with thought as something justified in itself, that is, which requires no justification but is valid by it's own essence, whatever its concrete employment and content maybe. Human life was to put itself at the service of culture because only thus would it become charged with value. From which it would follow that human life, our pure existence was, in itself, a mean and worthless thing.	philosophy
"Our culture has filled our heads but emptied our hearts, stuffed our wallets but starved our wonder. It has fed our thirst for facts but not for meaning or mystery. It produces ""nice"" people, not heroes."	philosophy
down with hell and heaven and all the religious fuss infinity pleased our parents  one inch looks good to us	philosophy
We kill, kill, kill. Flesh, spirit, whatever gets in our way. It's like our whole purpose is to extinguish life. And for those who live, there's memory, like a curse. We're such a mixture of frailty and cruelty.	philosophy
The philosophy of poetry must acknowledge that the poetic act has no past, at least no recent past, in which its preparation and appearance could be followed.	philosophy
Sarcasm is the last refuge of the imaginatively bankrupt.	sarcasm
Most of us have learned to be dispassionate about evil, to look it in the face and find, as often as not, our own grinning reflections with which we do not argue, but good is another matter. Few have stared at that long enough to accept that its face too is grotesque, that in us the good is something under construction. The modes of evil usually receive worthy expression. The modes of good have to be satisfied with a cliche or a smoothing down that will soften their real look.	philosophy
The priest therefore saw what the anchorite could not. That God needs no witness. Neither to himself nor against. The truth is rather that if there were no God then there could be no witness for there could be no identity to the world but only each man's opinion of it. The priest saw that there is no man who is elect because there is no man who is not. To God every man is a heretic.	philosophy
What you are is God's gift to you, what you become is your gift to God.	philosophy
He was just a kid. He didn’t care. He was like, “I’m getting in my mom’s van and I’m going home.” I was just a kid, too. But I cared. With him gone, who was I going to play Plato and Socrates with? 	philosophy
"I could feel the heat rising in my cheeks. 'We spent one night together.' 'You had sex then?' 'No we crocheted a quilt.' I cocked my head to side and gave him my nastiest glare."" Lorelei Preston to Agent Brody-The Wild Hunt"	sarcasm
Whatever doesn't kill them, makes them make reality TV shows...	sarcasm
I am not being overly harsh. Overtly hostile, yes, but exactly the right amount of harsh.	sarcasm
When faith in our freedom gives way to fear of our freedom, silencing the minority view becomes the operative protocol.	philosophy
May you live every day of your life.	philosophy
The spectacle is at the same time the mirage of self in the mirror of things.	philosophy
Philosophy is really nostalgia, the desire to be at home.	philosophy
If the emotions are free the intellect will look after itself	philosophy
What is your collective GPA for this year?”  “Not as high as I'd like it to be.”  Freud steepled his fingers in front of his mouth. “What about your parents?”  “I don't know. They haven't been in school for a while.	sarcasm
"We all of us complain of the shortness of time, saith Seneca, and yet have much more than we know what to do with. Our lives, says he, are spent either in doing nothing at all, or in doing nothing to the purpose, or in doing nothing that we ought to do: we are always complaining our days are few, and acting as though there would no end of them.""- On the Right Use of Time"	philosophy
By what men think, we create the world around us, daily new.	philosophy
I'm more than ever of the opinion that a decent human existence is possible today only on the fringes of society, where one then runs the risk of starving or being stoned to death. In these circumstances, a sense of humor is a great help.	philosophy
Compromise brings harmony to both, happiness to none.	philosophy
Philosophy can make people sick.	philosophy
Empty is the argument of the philosopher which does not relieve any human suffering.	philosophy
It is possible that these millions of suns, along with thousands of millions more we cannot see, make up altogether but a globule of blood or lymph in the veins of an animal, of a minute insect, hatched in a world of whose vastness we can frame no conception, but which nevertheless would itself, in proportion to some other world, be no more than a speck of dust.	philosophy
There were a group of people before the Ascension known as the Astalsi. They claimed that each person was born with a certain finite amount of ill luck. And so, when an unfortunate event happened, they thought themselves blessed—thereafter, their lives could only get better.	philosophy
A crude age. Peace is stabilized with cannon and bombers, humanity with concentration camps and pogroms. We're living in a time when all standards are turned upside-down, Kern. Today the aggressor is the shepherd of peace, and the beaten and hunted are the troublemakers of the world. What's more, there are whole races who believe it!	philosophy
The Shadow-maker shapes forever.	philosophy
Wir werden alt und grau. Wir werden eines Tages verschlissen sein und aus der Welt verschwinden. Mit unseren Träumen ist das anders. Sie können in anderen Menschen weiterleben, wenn es uns schon längst, längst nicht mehr gibt.	philosophy
Save your explanations, I got some questions for you first and you'd better answer them!' [slurred Hellian.]  'With what?' [Banaschar] sneered. 'Explanations?'  'No. Answers. There's a difference-'  'Really? How? What difference?'  'Explanations are what people use when they need to lie. Y'can always tell those,'cause those don't explain nothing and then they look at you like they just cleared things up when really they did the opposite and they know it and you know it and they know you know and you know they know that you know and they know you and you know them and maybe you go out for a pitcher later but who picks up the tab? That's what I want to know.'  'Right, and answers?'  'Answers is what I get when I ask questions. Answers is when you got no choice. I ask, you tell. I ask again, you tell some more. Then I break your fingers, 'cause I don't like what you're telling me, because those answers don't explain nothing!	philosophy
My heart knows what my mind only think it knows.	philosophy
Further, an excess of legislation defeats its own ends. It makes the whole population criminals, and turns them all into police and police spies. The moral health of such a people is ruined for ever; only revolution can save it.	philosophy
Question everything, unless it's the answer	philosophy
Just for the record the weather today is slightly sarcastic, with a good chance of A. indifference and B. disinterest in what the critics say.	sarcasm
BLACK AND WHITE   I was born into A religion of Light, But with so many other Religions and Philosophies, How do I know which ONE Is right?  Is it not My birthright To seek out the light? To find Truth After surveying all the proof, Am I supposed To love Or fight? And why do all those who Try to guide me, Always start by dividing And multiplying me –  From what they consider Wrong or right? I thought, There were no walls For whoever beams truth and light. And how can one speak on Light's behalf, lf all they do Is act black, But talk WHITE?	philosophy
Sarcasm will make your tits fall off.	sarcasm
Great,' I said. 'Visit exotic Australia. Get bitten by an exotic snake. Die exotically.	sarcasm
And little girls went to charm schools. Now you've all got degrees from the University of Sarcasm.	sarcasm
There is nothing more wonderful than a book. It may be a message to us from the dead, from human souls we never saw who lived perhaps thousands of miles away, and yet these little sheets of paper speak to us, arouse us, teach us, open our hearts and in turn open their hearts to us like brothers. Without books, God is silent, justice dormant, philosophy lame.	philosophy
Always forgive, but never forget, else you will be a prisoner of your own hatred, and doomed to repeat your mistakes forever.	philosophy
"This is the paradox of public space: even if everyone knows an unpleasant fact, saying it in public changes everything. One of the first measures taken by the new Bolshevik government in 1918 was to make public the entire corpus of tsarist secret diplomacy, all the secret agreements, the secret clauses of public agreements etc. There too the target was the entire functioning of the state apparatuses of power.  (Žižek, S. ""Good Manners in the Age of WikiLeaks."" London Review of Books 33.2 (2011): 9-10. )"	philosophy
He in whom the love of repose predominates will accept the first creed, the first philosophy, the first political party he meets — most likely his father's. He gets rest, commodity, and reputation; but he shuts the door of truth.	philosophy
In the high country of the mind one has to become adjusted to the thinner air of uncertainty...	philosophy
A lie never grows old.	philosophy
May your birthday be as pleasant and awesome as you always are.	philosophy
Knowledge is the ultimate secret of courage.	philosophy
the exclusive worship of the bitch-goddess sucess is our national disease	philosophy
Do you expect to learn anything at Shiz?” he asked. “I have already learned not to speak to strangers.” “Then I will introduce myself and we will be strangers no longer. I am Dillamond.” “I am disinclined to know you.	sarcasm
Short men are happy, for they can pass easily through the door. Tall men are happy, for they can stand erect and pluck oranges with their hands. Again, short men are angry, for they cannot stand erect and pluck oranges with their hands. Again, tall men are angry, for they cannot pass easily through the door.	sarcasm
It'll make you look rugged,' Mel says. 'Because I woke up this morning,' I say, 'and the one thing I realized I lacked was ruggedness.	sarcasm
The rider evolved to serve to the elephant.	philosophy
The best way to have a good idea is to have a lot of ideas.	philosophy
Words are the clothes thoughts wear.	philosophy
On marriage: You sort of stumble along and reconnect and lose each other and reconnect again.	philosophy
"We all love each other, Ange,"" I said impatiently, hating this whole conversation. ""No, not like this,"" she went on relentlessly. ""Fang loves you.""......My mouth dropped open. How does she know this stuff? ""Forget it! No one's getting married!"" I hissed. ""Not in New Hampshire or anywhere else! Not in a box, not with a fox! Now go to sleep, before I kill you! Oh yeah, like I got any sleep after that. - pg 35"	sarcasm
Subjectivity is strange to Science, while Relativity is an objective part of it.	philosophy
It's not oil that runs the world, it's shame.	philosophy
The more powerful the class, the more it claims not to exist.	philosophy
Wisest is she who knows she does not know.	philosophy
"A person who has not been completely alienated, who has remained sensitive and able to feel, who has not lost the sense of dignity, who is not yet ""for sale"", who can still suffer over the suffering of others, who has not acquired fully the having mode of existence - briefly, a person who has remained a person and not become a thing - cannot help feeling lonely, powerless, isolated in present-day society. He cannot help doubting himself and his own convictions, if not his sanity. He cannot help suffering, even though he can experience moments of joy and clarity that are absent in the life of his ""normal"" contemporaries. Not rarely will he suffer from neurosis that results from the situation of a sane man living in an insane society, rather than that of the more conventional neurosis of a sick man trying to adapt himself to a sick society. In the process of going further in his analysis, i.e. of growing to greater independence and productivity,his neurotic symptoms will cure themselves."	philosophy
I have to crack a nut in order to enjoy it.	sarcasm
Life is much more successfully looked at from a single window.	philosophy
Cordelia glared at me. 'I expect if someone strapped you to table an swung an axe over your naked quivering flesh like The Pit and the Pendulum, you'd be correcting his grammar'.	sarcasm
"Awww,"" Minho said. ""That's almost as sweet as that time she slammed the end of a spear into your shuck face."	sarcasm
When we say two bodies 'touch', what we mean (without knowing it) is that both electromagnetic fields are interacting to avoid physical interpenetration and ... that happens well before subatomic particles touch!	philosophy
Tenderhearted people are silent sufferers they just learn the art to fly with broken wings.	philosophy
Because we have for millenia made moral, aesthetic, religious demands on the world, looked upon it with blind desire, passion or fear, and abandoned ourselves to the bad habits of illogical thinking, this world has gradually become so marvelously variegated, frightful, meaningful, soulful, it has acquired color - but we have been the colorists: it is the human intellect that has made appearances appear and transported its erroneous basic conceptions into things.	philosophy
Nobody can tell what is right and what is wrong; what is righteous and what is evil. Even if there is a god and I had his teachings right before me, I would think it through and decide if that was right or wrong myself.	philosophy
But only he who, himself enlightened, is not afraid of shadows.	philosophy
Wisdom is seeing something in a non-habitual manner.	philosophy
False words are not only evil in themselves, but they infect the soul with evil.	philosophy
The most boring and unproductive question one can ask of any religion is whether or not it is true.	philosophy
You're playing hookey for her? You met her, what, five minutes ago? And now she's what? Your girlfriend? Did you give her your varsity jacket?	sarcasm
That's Why Shag's the Way To Go [10w]  Love's messy; it tracks mud on the carpet of life.	philosophy
Im.’ The monosyllable was heavy with contempt. ‘’E’s a twat.’ ‘Is he?’ ‘Yeah, ’e is. Ask Kieran.’ She gave the impression that she and Kieran stood together, sane, dispassionate observers of the idiots populating Lula’s world.	sarcasm
Eccentricity is not, as some would believe, a form of madness. It is often a kind of innocent pride, and the man of genius and the aristocrat are frequently regarded as eccentrics because genius and aristocrat are entirely unafraid of and uninfluenced by the opinions and vagaries of the crowd.	philosophy
A few dud universes can really clutter up your basement.	philosophy
"If we wanted to construct a basic philosophical attitude from these scientific utterances of <a href=""https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/%2064308.Pauli"" title=""Pauli"">Pauli</a>'s, at first we would be inclined to infer from them an extreme rationalism and a fundamentally skeptical point of view. In reality however, behind this outward display of criticism and skepticism lay concealed a deep philosophical interest even in those dark areas of reality of the human mind which elude the grasp of reason. And while the power of fascination emanating from <a href=""https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/%2064308.Pauli"" title=""Pauli"">Pauli</a>'s analyses of physical problems was admittedly due in some measure to the detailed and penetrating clarity of his formulations, the rest was derived from a constant contact with the field of creative processes, for which no rational formulation as yet exists."	philosophy
One must wait until the evening to see how splendid the day has been.	philosophy
Time is simply the measurement of human progression against that of existence.	philosophy
It was only after two years' work that it occurred to me that I was a writer. I had no particular expectation that the novel would ever be published, because it was sort of a mess. It was only when I found myself writing things I didn't realise I knew that I said, 'I'm a writer now.' The novel had become an incentive to deeper thinking. That's really what writing is—an intense form of thought.	philosophy
I'm telling you, you really should stick to mating within your species, whatever that is.'  'I would,' I said, 'but unfortunately, there are no gorgeous, all-powerful, all-knowing gods around here. I'd even settle for a demigod. It's a step down, I know. But alas, there are nothing but low-brained mortals here. And half-brains, like you.	sarcasm
Comprehending and knowing better and deeper are the best guarantees we can have to attain ideas and criteria of our own; i.e. to stop depending on what other people say. In summary, to be freer to choose our own path in life.	philosophy
Now, Mr. Antonio. I understand that there are people who are close to you who want me dead.”  “No, mija. They don’t want you dead.”  “Then explain this.” I handed him the picture. He chuckled again.  “No, they don’t want you dead. That would be too easy. They want revenge.”  Cold sweat broke out all over me, but I kept my face calm. I looked at him straight in the eye.  “Well, then they are going to be quite disappointed, aren’t they?” I flashed my teeth at him.  “Senorita, you might want to warn Senor Smith, you see, my nephew he doesn’t like to share, and if he sees another man after you, he’ll get very, eh, aggressive.” The silver fox looked at me and winked.  “Oh, he won’t have to worry.” I said as I was walking out the door. “I doubt he will be alive long enough to know Agent Smith.”  Then I slammed the door.	sarcasm
"Liraz snorted, caught off guard, and the tension between them ebbed away. ""I'm sorry of my almost dying interrupted your almost kissing."	sarcasm
"By the Angel,"" Jace said, looking the demon up and down. ""I knew Greater Demons were meant to be ugly, but no one ever warned me about the smell."" Abbadon opened its mouth and hissed. Inside its mouth were two rows of jagged glass-sharp teeth. ""I'm not sure about this wind and howling darkness business,"" Jace went on, ""smells more like landfill to me. You sure you're not from Staten Island?"	sarcasm
He will essentially follow the language of the spectacle, for it is the only one he is familiar with.	philosophy
Man's naked form belongs to no particular moment in history; it is eternal, and can be looked upon with joy by the people of all ages.	philosophy
Wisdom is the oneness of mind that guides and permeated all things.	philosophy
Water everywhere, falling in thundering cataracts, singular drops, and draping sheets. Kellhus paused next to one of the shining braziers, peered beneath the bronze visage that loomed orange and scowling over his father, watched him lean back into absolute shadow. “You came to the world,” unseen lips said, “and you saw that Men were like children.” Lines of radiance danced across the intervening waters. “It is their nature to believe as their fathers believed,” the darkness continued. “To desire as they desired … Men are like wax poured into moulds: their souls are cast by their circumstances. Why are no Fanim children born to Inrithi parents? Why are no Inrithi children born to Fanim parents? Because these truths are made, cast by the particularities of circumstance. Rear an infant among Fanim and he will become Fanim. Rear him among Inrithi and he will become Inrithi … “Split him in two, and he would murder himself.” Without warning, the face re-emerged, water-garbled, white save the black sockets beneath his brow. The action seemed random, as though his father merely changed posture to relieve some vagrant ache, but it was not. Everything, Kellhus knew, had been premeditated. For all the changes wrought by thirty years in the Wilderness, his father remained Dûnyain … Which meant that Kellhus stood on conditioned ground. “But as obvious as this is,” the blurred face continued, “it escapes them. Because they cannot see what comes before them, they assume nothing comes before them. Nothing. They are numb to the hammers of circumstance, blind to their conditioning. What is branded into them, they think freely chosen. So they thoughtlessly cleave to their intuitions, and curse those who dare question. They make ignorance their foundation. They confuse their narrow conditioning for absolute truth.” He raised a cloth, pressed it into the pits of his eyes. When he withdrew it, two rose-coloured stains marked the pale fabric. The face slipped back into the impenetrable black. “And yet part of them fears. For even unbelievers share the depth of their conviction. Everywhere, all about them, they see examples of their own self-deception … ‘Me!’ everyone cries. ‘I am chosen!’ How could they not fear when they so resemble children stamping their feet in the dust? So they encircle themselves with yea-sayers, and look to the horizon for confirmation, for some higher sign that they are as central to the world as they are to themselves.” He waved his hand out, brought his palm to his bare breast. “And they pay with the coin of their devotion.	philosophy
In the battle that is philosophy all the techniques of war, including looting and camouflage, are permissible.	philosophy
There are no free lunches in philosophy any more than in real life.	philosophy
A cult is a religion with no political power.	philosophy
A woman is the symbol of love, beauty, harmony, nature, and care.	philosophy
Our love went from fly to flower to butterfly, and it was meant to beautifully flutter, not sit still on a shelf like a trophy to be collected.	philosophy
I consider conversations with people to be mind exercises, but I don't want to pull a muscle, so I stretch a lot. That's why I'm constantly either rolling my eyes or yawning.	sarcasm
I grew up once, I decided never to do it again	philosophy
"I am Captain Dakkan. I am in charge of this facility."" ""Captain Dakkan,"" Ryan repeated. ""It's good to meet you. I've heard... well... nothing about you..."	sarcasm
Ah, ye brethren, that God whom I created was human work and human madness, like all the Gods!	philosophy
The most important reason for going from one place to another is to see what's in between, and they took great pleasure in doing just that.	philosophy
Human social life, I suggest, is the magma that erupts and builds up, so to speak, at the fault lines where natural human capacities meet and grind against and over natural human limitations…. This meeting of powers and limitations produces a creative, dynamic tension and energy that generates and fuels the making of human social life and social structures…. It is real human persons living through the tensions of natural existential contradictions who construct patterned social meanings, interactions, institutions, and structures.	philosophy
I swear to God, if GreatReads doesn't stop sending me these notification emails...how many times do I have to turn them off?	sarcasm
I don't think the real America is in New York or on the Pacific Coast; personally, I like the Middle West much better, places like North and South Dakota, Minneapolis and Saint Paul. There, I think, are the true Americans	philosophy
I’m sorry that your mystical, godlike powers do not instantly work as you would like them to.	sarcasm
I’ve got a nice racket going. I make tennis ball swatters. My favorite score is love all. That’s also how I live my life.	philosophy
If disaster, so be it, they said to themselves. There was nothing to be done except what could be done. The rest -- like the salt water around them, which swallowed the snow without effort, remaining what it was implacably -- was out of their hands, beyond.	philosophy
Don't read it. Just shred and burn, or your eyes will melt.	sarcasm
 “Your Tim is so unmistakably a healthy extravert type. Mens stulta in corpore sano, and all that.”  “Exactly,” she agreed.	sarcasm
Governments, if they endure, always tend increasingly toward aristocratic forms. No government in history has been known to evade this pattern. And as the aristocracy develops, government tends more and more to act exclusively in the interests of the ruling class -- whether that class be hereditary royalty, oligarchs of financial empires, or entrenched bureaucracy.	philosophy
What information consumes is rather obvious: it consumes the attention of its recipients. Hence a wealth of information creates a poverty of attention, and a need to allocate that attention efficiently among the overabundance of information sources that might consume it.	philosophy
The past has no power over the present moment.	philosophy
Nefarious purposes translation: For disgusting demon sex and the birth of the Devil incarnate. Nice.	sarcasm
Philosophers, for example, often fail to recognize that their remarks about the universe apply also to themselves and their remarks. If the universe is meaningless, so is the statement that it is so.	philosophy
Why is it so difficult for us to think in relative terms? Well, for the good reason that human nature loves absoluteness, and erroneously considers it as a state of higher knowledge.	philosophy
We in our age are faced with a strange paradox. Never before have we had so much information in bits and pieces flooded upon us by radio and television and satellite, yet never before have we had so little inner certainty about our own being. The more objective truth increases, the more our inner certitude decreases. Our fantastically increased technical power, and each forward step in technology is experienced by many as a new push toward our possible annihilation. Nietzsche was strangely prophetic when he said,  “We live in a period of atomic chaos…the terrible apparition…the Nation State…and the hunt for happiness will never be greater than when it must be caught between today and tomorrow; because the day after tomorrow all hunting time may have come to an end altogether.”  Sensing this, and despairing of ever finding meaning in life, people these days seize on the many ways of dulling their awareness by apathy, by psychic numbing, or by hedonism. Others, especially young people, elect in alarming and increasing numbers to escape their own being by suicide.	philosophy
It's no good trying to get rid of your own aloneness. You've got to stick to it all your life. Only at times, at times, the gap will be filled in. At times! But you have to wait for the times. Accept your own aloneness and stick to it, all your life. And then accept the times when the gap is filled in, when they come. But they've got to come. You can't force them.	philosophy
Philosophy is one reason which could lead to death.	philosophy
"He has got no good red blood in his body,"" said Sir James. ""No. Somebody put a drop under a magnifying glass, and it was all semicolons and parentheses,"" said Mrs. Cadwallader."	sarcasm
Visual Pun [10w]  Example of visual pun: cloud shaped like a banana peel.	philosophy
A man leaves his great house because he's bored With life at home, and suddenly returns, Finding himself no happier abroad. He rushes off to his villa driving like mad, You'ld think he's going to a house on fire, And yawns before he's put his foot inside, Or falls asleep and seeks oblivion, Or even rushes back to town again. So each man flies from himself (vain hope, because It clings to him the more closely against his will) And hates himself because he is sick in mind And does not know the cause of his disease.	philosophy
What I have done is to show that it is possible for the way the universe began to be determined by the laws of science. In that case, it would not be necessary to appeal to God to decide how the universe began. This doesn't prove that there is no God, only that God is not necessary.	philosophy
Democracy should always be viewed with a philosophical perspective rather than a political one, because after all democracy was born to a philosopher and murdered by a politician.	philosophy
The longing for Paradise is man's longing not to be man.	philosophy
If you are going to do that, would you mind not jostling the bed so much?' came a sarcastic voice near the head board. 'Perhaps you could roll around on the floor.	sarcasm
Nobody is good or bad. They are either strong or weak. Strong people stick to their morals, no matter what the trials and tribulations. Weak people, many a times, do not even realise how low they have fallen.	philosophy
Philosophy, which once seemed outmoded, remains alive because the moment of its realization was missed. The summary judgement that it had merely interpreted the world is itself crippled by resignation before reality, and becomes a defeatism of reason after the transformation of the world failed. It guarantees no place from which theory as such could be concretely convicted of the anachronism, which then as now it is suspected of. Perhaps the interpretation which promised the transition did not suffice. The moment on which the critique of theory depended is not to be prolonged theoretically. Praxis, delayed for the foreseeable future, is no longer the court of appeals against self-satisfied speculation, but for the most part the pretext under which executives strangulate that critical thought as idle which a transforming praxis most needs. After philosophy broke with the promise that it would be one with reality or at least struck just before the hour of its production, it has been compelled to ruthlessly criticize itself.	philosophy
I used the boos, and not the booze, as motivation. That led to applause, which I drank up like an alcoholic. I need a refill.	sarcasm
The glory of Christianity is to conquer by forgiveness.	philosophy
We are the hollow men We are the stuffed men Leaning together Headpiece filled with straw. Alas! Our dried voices, when We whisper together Are quiet and meaningless As wind in dry grass Or rats' feet over broken glass In our dry cellar Shape without form, shade without colour, Paralysed force, gesture without motion;  - <em>The Hollow Men</em>	philosophy
I am philosophical Christ; crucified on the cross of ignorance for the sake of divine vanity.	philosophy
If you reveal your secrets to the wind, you should not blame the wind for revealing them to the trees.	philosophy
Yes, you need a passport to prove to the world that you exist. The people at passport control, they cannot look at you and see you are a person. No! They have to look at a little photograph of you. Then they believe you exist.	philosophy
We are alone. Live our lives, lacking anything better to do. Devise reason later.	philosophy
Are you really left-handed?” Mr. Marshall asked.  “No. I’ve just been pretending to use my left hand my entire life because I enjoy never being able to work scissors properly.	sarcasm
I had to philosophize. Otherwise, I could not live in this world.	philosophy
My world is about stories that entertain; emotions that move; people you’ll remember; literature that matters.	philosophy
Do you think you wear a mask?’  ‘I’m wearing one right now.’ Valentino smiled softly. ‘We both are.’  ‘It’s a sad thought.’  ‘Yes,’ he said. ‘But sometimes I wonder about the alternative. Imagine if we had no secrets, no respite from the truth. What if everything was laid bare the moment we introduced ourselves?	philosophy
I'm financially ugly.	sarcasm
Sometimes with the most intense pain a paralysis of sensibility occurs. The soul disintegrates--hence the deadly frost--the free power of the mind--the shattering, ceaseless wit of this kind of despair. There is no inclination for anything any more--the person is alone, like a baleful power--as he has no connection with the rest of the world he consumes himself gradually--and in accordance with his own principle he is--misanthropic and misotheos.	philosophy
For a long time now a hint of aversion had lain on everything he did and experienced, a shadow of impotence and loneliness, an all-encompassing distaste for which he could not find the complementary inclination. He felt at times as though he had been born with a talent for which there was at present no objective.	philosophy
You say, it's dark. And in truth, I did place a cloud before your sun. But do you not see how the edges of the cloud are already glowing and turning light.	philosophy
A poet or philosopher should have no fault to find with his age if it only permits him to do his work undisturbed in his own corner; nor with his fate if the corner granted him allows of his following his vocation without having to think about other people.	philosophy
It is hard to be angry when one has seen the sun rise,' she said. It seems to be true,' he admitted. 'I wonder why.' Because it makes one feel so small and insignificant. It has been rising forever and will rise forever no matter what we do or do not do. All our problems are as nothing to the sun.	philosophy
Your wit is always such a delight, Mr. Zeklos. I can barely contain myself around it.	sarcasm
There's no backward and no forward, no day other than this. You fill your cart as you go, and that's that.	philosophy
For a game, you don’t need a teacher.	philosophy
If you could disagree with kings, were gods so far above?	philosophy
All religions are based on obsolete terminology.	philosophy
Logic in all its infinite potential, is the most dangerous of vices. For one can always find some form of logic to justify his action, and rest comfortably in the assurance, that what he did abides by reason. That is why, for us brittle beings, Intention is the only true weapon of peace.	philosophy
I nee to reason for a plague, ... As far as I know no comets or eclipses have been forecast, and our sins are not great enough for God to be concerned with us.	sarcasm
Too lazy to be ambitious, I let the world take care of itself. Ten days' worth of rice in my bag; a bundle of twigs by the fireplace. Why chatter about delusion and enlightenment? Listening to the night rain on my roof, I sit comfortably, with both legs stretched out.	philosophy
It is often difficult to educate a child about the beauty of an open mind when he is a prisoner of societal conformity.	philosophy
For where is the man that has incontestable evidence of the truth of all that he holds, or of the falsehood of all he condemns; or can say that he has examined to the bottom all his own, or other men's opinions? The necessity of believing without knowledge, nay often upon very slight grounds, in this fleeting state of action and blindness we are in, should make us more busy and careful to inform ourselves than constrain others.	philosophy
You mean you don't want to come in and hold my hand while I piss?	sarcasm
The day may come when the rest of animal creation <em>may</em> acquire those rights which never could have been withholden from them but by the hand of tyranny. The French have already discovered that the blackness of the skin is no reason why a human being should be abandoned without redress to the caprice of a tormentor. It may one day come to be recognized that the number of legs, the villosity of the skin, or the termination of the <em>os sacrum</em> are reasons equally insufficient for abandoning a sensitive being to the same fate. What else is it that should trace the insuperable line? Is it the faculty of reason, or perhaps the faculty of discourse? But a full-grown horse or dog is beyond comparison a more rational, as well as a more conversable animal, than an infant of a day or a week or even a month old. But suppose they were otherwise, what would it avail? <strong>The question is not, Can they <em>reason</em>? nor Can they <em>talk</em>? but, Can they <em>suffer</em></strong>?	philosophy
You really are a ray of sunshine, aren’t you?	sarcasm
I have a sickness doctors can't cure, Inexorably pulling me to the well of my destruction, Consented to be a sacrifice, killed for her love, Eager, like the drunk gulping wine mixed with poison, Shameless were those my nights, Yet my soul loved them beyond all passion.	philosophy
Man suffers only because he takes seriously what the gods made for fun.	philosophy
Knowledge is like a vast ocean. It is inexhaustible quest!	philosophy
Eisenhower and Patton, old friends and figures crucial to the Allies' upcoming success, conferred over yet another gaffe on Patton's part that could have cost him his command. Patton's head is on Ike's shoulder in gratitude, but the scene is rescued from being completely maudlin by Eisenhower's internal question as to whether Patton wears his ever-present helmet to bed.	sarcasm
When Coleridge tried to define beauty, he returned always to one deep thought; beauty, he said, is unity in variety! Science is nothing else than the search to discover unity in the wild variety of nature,—or, more exactly, in the variety of our experience. Poetry, painting, the arts are the same search, in Coleridge’s phrase, for unity in variety.	philosophy
Yes, we'll yell, 'Help, help us, goose girl, and bring the terrifying legion of warrior geese'.	sarcasm
"Costin regained his serious tone but his eyes softened.  ""I won't force you into anything Sally. I know this is all different to you. I've known all my life that I had one perfect mate out there for me. And when I look at you, I'm in awe of what I've been given."" Sally blushed as he paused. ""I won't leave you unprotected, and allowing other males around you is something that neither I, nor my wolf, will be able to handle. Besides,"" he said, his eyes twinkling with mischief, ""how could you not want to be around all this?""  Sally let out a snort. ""You've been around Jen way too much.""  ""I don't know, she's quite educational.""  ""Yeah, I don’t think I really want you to be educated by her."	sarcasm
We make versions, and true versions make worlds.	philosophy
You were born a child of light’s wonderful secret— you return to the beauty you have always been.	philosophy
If a man who can’t count finds a four leaf clover, is he lucky?	philosophy
An ordinary mirror is silvered at the back but the window of the night train has darkness behind the glass. My face and the faces of other travellers were now mirrored on this darkness in a succession of stillnesses. Consider this, said the darkness: any motion at any speed is a succession of stillnesses; any section through an action will show just such a plane of stillness as this dark window in which your seeking face is mirrored. And in each plane of stillness is the moment of clarity that makes you responsible for what you do.	philosophy
Piety, then, is that which is dear to the gods, and impiety is that which is not dear to them.	philosophy
"I don't know what it is about ""magic happens""-stickers on cars but every time I see one I wanna get out my permanent marker and sneak over and write underneath it ""so does cot death""."	sarcasm
We did all the tourist crap, but I just wanted to sit in a cafe and watch people	philosophy
"Of course. I died today, and now I'm going to fight aliens with a light saber. Maybe after that we can look for mermaids. Or unicorns."" ""No,"" he says. ""Just aliens."" Was that the barest hint of humour in his tone?"	sarcasm
Babies are living dolls with dancing smiles that come from the stars to still our hearts.	philosophy
The ruinous abdication by philosophy of its rightful domain is the consequence of the oblivion of philosophers to a great insight first beheld clearly by Socrates and re-affirmed by Kant as by no other philosopher. Science, concerned solely and exclusively with objective existents, cannot give answers to questions about meanings and values. Only ideas engendered by the mind and to be found nowhere but in the mind (Socrates), only the pure transcendental forms supplied by reason (Kant), can secure the ideals and values and put us in touch with the realities that constitute our moral and spiritual life. Twenty-four centuries after Socrates, two centuries after Kant, we badly need to re-learn the lesson.	philosophy
as soon as we renounce fiction and illusion, we lose reality itself; the moment we subtract fictions from reality, reality itself loses its discursive-logical consistency.	philosophy
This is your life, and its ending one minute at a time.	philosophy
Cram them full of non-combustible data, chock them so damned full of 'facts' they feel stuffed, but absolutely 'brilliant' with information. Then they’ll feel they’re thinking, they’ll get a sense of motion without moving. And they’ll be happy, because facts of that sort don’t change. Don’t give them any slippery stuff like philosophy or sociology to tie things up with. That way lies melancholy.	philosophy
The only way we'll get freedom for ourselves is to identify ourselves with every oppressed people in the world. We are blood brothers to the people of Brazil, Venezuela, Haiti, Cuba -- yes Cuba too.	philosophy
Rudeness instantly establishes a set of norms, a set of regulatory orders, authority, and power. To be rude is to go against an established accepted concept or ordered regulation. Thus rudeness could be in kind, a deviation from the norm. Rudeness can also be in kind an instantiation outside a set foundation. A deviation from a norm holds the same set foundation as the norm, their disagreement merely a manner of degrees.	philosophy
It's kind of depressing, if you think about it. I mean, me being so young, and yet so cynical and suspicious.	sarcasm
I would believe only in a God that knows how to dance.	philosophy
We live in deeds not years In thoughts not breaths In feelings not figures on a dial. We should count time by heart throbs. He most lives who thinks most, feels noblest, acts the best.	philosophy
I pretend not to be a champion of that same naked virtue called truth, to the very outrance. I can consent that her charms be hidden with a veil, were it but for decency's sake.	philosophy
A concept is a brick. It can be used to build a courthouse of reason. Or it can be thrown through the window.	philosophy
Admittedly, art is somewhat like spit. It does not repulse or even worry is while it is still inside of us, but once it exits our body, it becomes disgusting.	philosophy
The ramdomness of events in the world is so lacking in logic that we give it names like destiny, fate, karma and kismat to deal with the irrationality of its sequence	philosophy
Expect everything, I always say, and the unexpected never happens.	philosophy
"Strange though it is,Sarov still cares about you. He told me to leave you alone. But I think, this time, I must disobey the general. You are mine! And I intend to make you suffer...""  ""Just talking to you makes me suffer,"" Alex said."	sarcasm
Il n'y a de réalité que dans l'action.  (There is no reality except in action.)	philosophy
There is no future without a past, because what is to be cannot be imagined except as a form of repetition.	philosophy
Communism is the final logic of the dehumanization of man.	philosophy
Of all knowledge, the wise and good seek mostly to know themselves.	philosophy
Be a surfer. Watch the ocean. Figure out where the big waves are breaking and adjust accordingly.	philosophy
There's nothing fundamentally wrong with people. Given a story to enact that puts them in accord with the world, they will live in accord with the world. But given a story to enact that puts them at odds with the world, as yours does, they will live at odds with the world. Given a story to enact in which they are the lords of the world, they will ACT like lords of the world. And, given a story to enact in which the world is a foe to be conquered, they will conquer it like a foe, and one day, inevitably, their foe will lie bleeding to death at their feet, as the world is now.	philosophy
The disease of the soul is both more common and more deadly than the disease of the body. Just as medicine is the art devoted to healing the body, so philosophy is the art devoted to healing the soul, curing it of improper emotions, false beliefs, and faulty judgments, which are the causes of so much hardship and handicap. To heal the body one turns to the practitioner of the art of healing the body, but to heal the soul there is no doctor to turn to, and each of us is left to become that doctor unto himself. Yet, this need not stop us from exhorting others to imitate us in the godly art, in the forlorn hope that they might transform themselves into better citizens for Athens and better companions for us.	philosophy
All knowledge is worth having.	philosophy
Philosophy is not a spectator sport.	philosophy
You’ve missed a lot of things. But mostly I think you’ve missed several opportunities to leave. Let me assist you to the door so that you won’t miss this next one.	sarcasm
I have learnt through bitter experience the one supreme lesson to conserve my anger, and as heat conserved is transmuted into energy, even so our anger controlled can be transmuted into a power which can move the world.	philosophy
"Saepe creat molles aspera spina rosas"" - ""Often the prickly thorn produces tender roses"	philosophy
If you are reading this, I'm dead. Don't celebrate too much. Jesus is watching.	sarcasm
If we are in a general way permitted to regard human activity in the realm of the beautiful as a liberation of the soul, as a release from constraint and restriction, in short to consider that art does actually alleviate the most overpowering and tragic catastrophes by means of the creations it offers to our contemplation and enjoyment, it is the art of music which conducts us to the final summit of that ascent to freedom.	philosophy
Everything about us, everything around us, everything we know and can know of is composed ultimately of patterns of nothing; that’s the bottom line, the final truth. So where we find we have any control over those patterns, why not make the most elegant ones, the most enjoyable and good ones, in our own terms? Yes, we’re hedonists, Mr. Bora Horza Gobuchul. We seek pleasure and have fashioned ourselves so that we can take more of it; admitted. We are what we are. But what about you? What does that make you?	philosophy
The ultimate purpose of education is to learn how to find and see the beauty of creation so that you may feel the joy of life.	philosophy
The most perfidious way of harming a cause consists of defending it deliberately with faulty arguments.	philosophy
A world without poetry and art would be too much like one without birds or flowers: bearable but a lot less enjoyable.	philosophy
Without causality in the world, there is no point in educating people, or making any moral or political appeal.	philosophy
"He's crazy,"" Bruno said, twirling a finger in circles around the side of his head and whistling to indicate just how crazy he thought he was. ""He went up to a cat on the street the other day and invited her over for afternoon tea."" ""What did the cat say?"" asked Gretel, who was making a sandwich in the corner of the kitchen. ""Nothing."" explained Bruno. ""It was a cat."	sarcasm
Liberty lies in the hearts of men and women; when it dies there, no constitution, no law, no court can save it; no constitution, no law, no court can even do much to help it. The spirit of liberty is the spirit which is not too sure that it is right; the spirit of liberty is the spirit which seeks to understand the minds of other men and women; the spirit of liberty is the spirit which weighs their interests alongside its own without bias.	philosophy
I was starting to hate my sixteenth birthday. A poufy white dress and a cake with roses made out of pink icing and awkward dancing with boys in awkward suits was starting to sound like a great alternative. Seriously. Sign my up, I wouldn't even complain.	sarcasm
In the meantime, I’ll get a job. I’ll pay my own way.”  “A job?”  “Mmm, yeah. It’s that thing people do to make money.	sarcasm
...So we passed, handcuffed and in silence, through the streets of Washington, through the Captial of a nation, whose theory of government, we are told, rests on the foundation of man's inalienable right to life, LIBERTY, and the pursuit of happiness! Hail! Columbia, happy land, indeed!	sarcasm
Don't waste yer' breath kid. Explainin' anything to that one? It's like tryin' ta' slap the dumb off a retard... -George Foster	sarcasm
"Just so you know, I get incredibly bored quite easily and you will be forced to be my source of entertainment. You'll kind of be like my own personal jester."" I flipped him off. ""Well that wasn't funny at all."	sarcasm
REMIND ME AGAIN, he said, HOW THE LITTLE HORSE-SHAPED ONES MOVE.	sarcasm
How much evil throughout history could have been avoided had people exercised their moral acuity with convictional courage and said to the powers that be, 'No, I will not. This is wrong, and I don't care if you fire me, shoot me, pass me over for promotion, or call my mother, I will not participate in this unsavory activity.' Wouldn't world history be rewritten if just a few people had actually acted like individual free agents rather than mindless lemmings?	philosophy
Yet I'm sure there's something more to be read in a man. People dare not -- they dare not turn the page. The laws of mimicry -- I call them the laws of fear. People are afraid to find themselves alone, and don't find themselves at all. I hate this moral agoraphobia -- it's the worst kind of cowardice. You can't create something without being alone. But who's trying to create here? What seems different in yourself: that's the one rare thing you possess, the one thing which gives each of us his worth; and that's just what we try to suppress. We imitate. And we claim to love life.	philosophy
Excess of strength alone is proof of strength	philosophy
Latter-day capitalism. Like it or not, it's the society we live in. Even the standard of right and wrong has been subdivided, made sophisticated. Within good, there's fashionable good and unfashionable good, and ditto for bad. Within fashionable good, there's formal and then there's casual; there's hip, there's cool, there's trendy, there's snobbish. Mix 'n' match. Like pulling on a Missoni sweater over Trussardi slacks and Pollini shoes, you can now enjoy hybrid styles of morality. It's the way of the world -- philosophy starting to look more and more like business administration.	philosophy
We are citizens of the world. The tragedy of our times is that we do not know this.	philosophy
True knowledge exists in knowing that you know nothing.	philosophy
The final belief is to believe in a fiction, which you know to be a fiction, there being nothing else. The exquisite truth is to know that it is a fiction and that you believe in it willingly.	philosophy
Each star is a mirror reflecting the truth inside you.	philosophy
To write well, express yourself like the common people, but think like a wise man.	philosophy
You can recognize a small truth because its opposite is a falsehood. The opposite of a great truth is another truth.	philosophy
The philosopher is a person who refuses no pleasures which do not produce greater sorrows, and who knows how to create new ones.	philosophy
So, let me get this straight-- You want me to stop being a lesbian and being attracted to women because it is a 'sin'? Last time I checked, when you lie you are sinning. Sure, I could tell you I am no longer a lesbian or that I am no longer attracted to women and am straight, or I could even tell you the moon is made of cheese. I could tell you many things, but the moon will still not be made of cheese, and I will still not be attracted to men. I could tell you a lie in order to placate you, but isn’t the truth supposed to set me free? I choose truth over lies any day of the week.	philosophy
To live in any true sense of the word is to reject others; to accept them, one must be able to renounce, to do oneself violence, to act against one's own nature, to weaken oneself; we conceive freedom only for ourselves - we extend it to our neighbours only at the cost of exhausting efforts; whence the precariousness of liberalism, a defiance of our instincts, a brief and miraculous success, a state of exception, at the antipodes of our deepest imperatives.	philosophy
You like me not because I like you. I like you just because I like me.	philosophy
Inspiration may be a form of super-consciousness, or perhaps of subconsciousness—I wouldn't know. But I am sure it is the antithesis of self-consciousness.	philosophy
It was Nathaniel's boundless capacity for stating the obvious that made him so charmingly human.	sarcasm
O world, world when I was younger I thought there was some order governing you and your deeds. But now you seem to be a labyrinth of errors, a frightful desert, a den of wild beasts, a game in which men move in circles…a stony field, a meadow full of serpents, a flowering but barren orchard, a spring of cares, a river of tears, a sea of suffering, a vain hope.	philosophy
To lose a brother is to lose someone with whom you can share the experience of growing old, who is supposed to bring you a sister-in-law and nieces and nephews, creatures who people the tree of your life and give it new branches. To lose your father is to lose the one whose guidance and help you seek, who supports you like a tree trunk supports its branches. To lose your mother, well, that is like losing the sun above you. It is like losing--I'm sorry, I would rather not go on.	philosophy
Man is not born to solve the problem of the universe, but to find out what he has to do; and to restrain himself within the limits of his comprehension.	philosophy
I get the same buzz cleaning up the yard as Leo Tolstoy did from scything hay.	sarcasm
Students of the heavens are separable into astronomers and astrologers as readily as are the minor domestic ruminants into sheep and goats, but the separation of philosophers into sages and cranks seems to be more sensitive to frames of reference.	philosophy
Casting sarcasm ain't easy.. It needs hard work and a big mug of cappuccino!	sarcasm
... And I wondered if we had disappointed God so much, that he wrote us off as pets, just alive to entertain.	sarcasm
Sitting there on the heather, on our planetary grain, I shrank from the abysses that opened up on every side, and in the future. The silent darkness, the featureless unknown, were more dread than all the terrors that imagination had mustered. Peering, the mind could see nothing sure, nothing in all human experience to be grasped as certain, except uncertainty itself; nothing but obscurity gendered by a thick haze of theories. Man's science was a mere mist of numbers; his philosophy but a fog of words. His very perception of this rocky grain and all its wonders was but a shifting and a lying apparition. Even oneself, that seeming-central fact, was a mere phantom, so deceptive, that the most honest of men must question his own honesty, so insubstantial that he must even doubt his very existence.	philosophy
On the one hand, all truth is relative; on the other hand, postmodernism tells it like it really is. On the one hand, all cultures are equally deserving of respect; on the other, Western culture is uniquely destructive and bad. Values are subjective--but sexism and racism are really evil. Technology is bad and destructive--and it is unfair that some people have more technology than others. Tolerance is good and dominance is bad--but when postmodernists come to power, political correctness follows.	philosophy
They can't tell so much about you if you got your eyes closed.	philosophy
My depth has no depth	philosophy
We are the generation of Social Media, Our biggest Revolution is a Tweet of 141 Characters.	sarcasm
"The unknown,"" said Faxe's soft voice in the forest, ""the unforetold, the unproven, that is what life is based on. Ignorance is the ground of thought. Unproof is the ground of action. If it were proven that there is no God there would be no religion. No Handdara, no Yomesh, no hearthgods, nothing. But also if it were proven that there is a God, there would be no religion. ... Tell me, Genry, what is known? What is sure, unpredictable, inevitable -- the one certain thing you know concerning your future, and mine?""  That we shall die.""  Yes, There's really only one question that can be answered, Genry, and we already know the answer. ... The only thing that makes life possible is permanent, intolerable uncertainty: not knowing what comes next."	philosophy
Our knowledge of circumstances has increased, but our uncertainty, instead of having diminished, has only increased. The reason of this is, that we do not gain all our experience at once, but by degrees; so our determinations continue to be assailed incessantly by fresh experience; and the mind, if we may use the expression, must always be under arms.	philosophy
"She said, ""It's not life or death, the labyrinth."" ""Um, okay. So what is it?"" ""Suffering,"" she said. ""Doing wrong and having wrong things happen to you. That's the problem. Bolivar was talking about the pain, not about the living or dying. How do you get out of the labyrinth of suffering?... Nothing's wrong. But there's always suffering, Pudge. Homework or malaria or having a boyfriend who lives far away when there's a good-looking boy lying next to you. Suffering is universal. It's the one thing Buddhists, Christians, and Muslims are all worried about."	philosophy
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated.	philosophy
America's abundance was created not by public sacrifices to the common good, but by the productive genius of free men who pursued their own personal interests and the making of their own private fortunes. They did not starve the people to pay for America's industrialization. They gave the people better jobs, higher wages, and cheaper goods with every new machine they invented, with every scientific discovery or technological advance- and thus the whole country was moving forward and profiting, not suffering, every step of the way.	philosophy
You are happy when you are enthusiastic and action-oriented, not when you are luxury and pleasure oriented.	philosophy
If your treated like a puppet find a new ball of string	philosophy
... a man doesn't like to have his ego popped, especially when he prides himself on his sagacity, and then to be proved wrong by a man who claims he doesn't know anything.	sarcasm
One word can change your life forever.  I love you I hate you  Think about it	philosophy
To sum it all up, the [Ayn] Rand belief system looks like this: 1. Facts are facts: things can be absolutely right or absolutely wrong, as determined by reason. 2. According to my reasoning, I am absolutely right. 3. Charity is immoral. 4. Pay for your own fucking schools.	philosophy
I don't need you to tell me I'm not well, though I don't really know what's wrong with me; I think I'm five times healthier than you are.	sarcasm
The best way to transform a society is to empower the women of that society.	philosophy
"Pactum serva"" - ""Keep the faith"	philosophy
Miss Abbott, don't worry over me. Some people are born not to do things. I'm one of them.	philosophy
On a grander scale, when a society segregates itself, the consequences affect the economy, the emotions, and the ecology. That's one reason why it's easy for pro-lifers to eat factory-raised animals that disrespect everything sacred about creation. And that is why it's easy for rabid environmentalists to hate chainsaws even though they snuggle into a mattress supported by a black walnut bedstead.	philosophy
The universe danced towards life. Life was a remarkably common commodity. Anything sufficiently complicated seemed to get cut in for some, in the same way that anything massive enough got a generous helping of gravity. The universe had a definite tendency towards awareness. This suggested a certain subtle cruelty woven into the very fabric of space-time.	philosophy
Pretend you are foolish to the foolish, and be yourself when you are alone or with others like you, because if you take the foolish seriously as your friend, you might be a fool yourself.	philosophy
Health is the natural condition. When sickness occurs, it is a sign that Nature has gone off course because of a physical or mental imbalance. The road to health for everyone is through moderation, harmony, and a 'sound mind in a sound body'.	philosophy
I must say a word about fear. It is life's only true opponent. Only fear can defeat life. It is a clever, treacherous adversary, how well I know. It has no decency, respects no law or convention, shows no mercy. It goes for your weakest spot, which it finds with unnerving ease. It begins in your mind, always ... so you must fight hard to express it. You must fight hard to shine the light of words upon it. Because if you don't, if your fear becomes a wordless darkness that you avoid, perhaps even manage to forget, you open yourself to further attacks of fear because you never truly fought the opponent who defeated you.	philosophy
Give the pupils something to do, not something to learn; and the doing is of such a nature as to demand thinking; learning naturally results.	philosophy
În clipa când ți se impune să nu te gândești la un lucru, te vei gândi doar la el, obsesiv. Interdicția devine obligație.	philosophy
Body is a home, a prison and a grave.	philosophy
"The Game Is Afoot  God's buried eight jewels within my soul. Life's game is, 'Remove each gem, yet find me whole.' The clue is, ""Eight is one, and one is eight, no jewel's more precious, all equally great."	philosophy
If you are a writer and you write/understand sarcasm please be thankful to the government and the masses. Without their hard work and supreme idiotism it wouldn't have been possible. You owe them the brutal sarcasm, they've earned it!	sarcasm
We need to walk to know sacred places, those around us and those within. We need to walk to remember the songs.	philosophy
When we are tired, we are attacked by ideas we conquered long ago.	philosophy
Don't explain your philosophy. Embody it.	philosophy
Observe the movements of the stars as if you were running their courses with them, and let your mind constantly dwell on the changes of the elements into each other. Such imaginings wash away the filth of life on the ground.	philosophy
Philosophers have often held dispute As to the seat of thought in man and brute For that the power of thought attends the latter My friend, thy beau, hath made a settled matter, And spite of dogmas current in all ages, One settled fact is better than ten sages. (O,Tempora! O,Mores!)	philosophy
Who is to decide which is the grimmer sight: withered hearts, or empty skulls?	philosophy
The primitive tribes permitted far less individual freedom than does modern society. Ancient wars were committed with far less moral justification than modern ones. A technology that produces debris can find, and is finding, ways of disposing of it without ecological upset. And the schoolbook pictures of primitive man sometimes omit some of the detractions of his primitive life - the pain, the disease, famine, the hard labor needed just to stay alive. From that agony of bare existence to modern life can be soberly described only as upward progress, and the sole agent for this progress is quite clearly reason itself.	philosophy
This only is denied to God: the power to undo the past.	philosophy
Philosophers can debate the meaning of life, but you need a Lord who can declare the meaning of life.	philosophy
Without music, life would be a mistake.	philosophy
Using your talent, hobby or profession in a way that makes you contribute with something good to this world is truly the way to go.	philosophy
Philosophy is the toil which can never tire persons engaged in it. All ways are strewn with roses, and the farther you go, the more enchanting objects appear before you and invite you on.	philosophy
If you write in the Old World, and against it, your work must die, go missing, be veiled, before it can live the life for which it was destined in the New World.	philosophy
Nothing like an orange and olive green-striped couch sitting on orange carpet and surrounded by dark wood paneling to get the inspiration rolling.	sarcasm
Because seeing someone’s heart ripped out, presumably for the first time, is something a person should accept naturally, like finding out there’s no Santa Clause.	sarcasm
If a cluttered desk is a sign of a cluttered mind, of what, then, is an empty desk a sign?	philosophy
If once a man indulges himself in murder, very soon he comes to think little of robbing; and from robbing he next comes to drinking and Sabbath-breaking, and from that to incivility and procrastination.	philosophy
It often occurs that pride and selfishness are muddled with strength and independence. They are neither equal nor similar; in fact, they are polar opposites. A coward may be so cowardly that he masks his weakness with some false personification of power. He is afraid to love and to be loved because love tends to strip bare all emotional barricades. Without love, strength and independence are prone to losing every bit of their worth; they become nothing more than a fearful, intimidated, empty tent lost somewhere in the desert of self.	philosophy
All the world is queer save thee and me, and even thou art a little queer.	philosophy
I shall look at you out of the corner of my eye, and you will say nothing. Words are the source of misunderstandings.	philosophy
Der Pragmatismus ersetzt uns alles, was früher die großen Ideen, die Ideologien und Religionen, der Glaube an Friede, Menschenrechte und Demokratie zu bieten hatten. Der Pragmatismus hält uns davon ab, zu Verbrechern zu werden, oder er macht uns zu solchen, wenn es nötig ist. Er legitimiert das Bestehen von Rechtssystem, Familie und Arbeit, er lässt uns nett sein und empfiehlt, sich ein angenehmes Äußeres zu erwerben. Nachdem wir uns aller Zwänge nach und nach erledigt haben, sorgt ein einziger Betreuer für uns: Pragmatismus.	philosophy
I used to think I knew what was right and what was wrong, and who the good guys are, and who the bad guys are. Then the world got very gray, and I didn't know anything for a long time	philosophy
But some of the greatest achievements in philosophy could only be compared with taking up some books which seemed to belong together, and putting them on different shelves; nothing more being final about their positions than that they no longer lie side by side. The onlooker who doesn’t know the difficulty of the task might well think in such a case that nothing at all had been achieved.	philosophy
Knives and candlelight,” he said, “how romantic.	sarcasm
I, while the gods laugh, the world's vortex am; Maelström of passions in that hidden sea Whose waves of all-time lap the coasts of me; And in small compass the dark waters cram.  - <em>I, While the Gods Laugh, the World's Vortex Am</em>	philosophy
It is suicide to be abroad. But what it is to be at home, ... what it is to be at home? A lingering dissolution.	philosophy
The only moral it is possible to draw from this story is that one should never throw the Q letter into a privet bush, but unfortunately there are times when it is unavoidable.	philosophy
Ask me no questions, and I'll tell you no fibs.	sarcasm
We have come from God, and inevitably the myths woven by us, though they contain error, will also reflect a splintered fragment of the true light, the eternal truth that is with God. Indeed only by myth-making, only by becoming 'sub-creator' and inventing stories, can Man aspire to the state of perfection that he knew before the Fall. Our myths may be misguided, but they steer however shakily towards the true harbour, while materialistic 'progress' leads only to a yawning abyss and the Iron Crown of the power of evil.	philosophy
Richness does not exist in being wealthy, richness exists in having abundance in life.	philosophy
That's the difference between irony and sarcasm. Irony can be spontaneous, while sarcasm requires volition. You have to create sarcasm.	sarcasm
There is no sickness worse for me than words that to be kind must lie.	philosophy
In the name of Bacon will you chicken me up that egg. Shall I swallow cave-phantoms?	philosophy
Such Excessive Preoccupation With The Faults Of Others Only Manages To Bring The Spotlight To Shine Bright On Whatever It Is You May Have Hiding Behind All Your Self Perceived Glory.	philosophy
Problems in science are sometimes made easier by adding complications.	philosophy
When two creatures meet, the one that is able to intimidate its opponent is recognized as socially superior, so that a social decision does not always depend on a fight; an encounter in some circumstances may be enough.	philosophy
It would be, for me, mere pointless pleasure, an illusion of order for this one frail, foolish, flicker-flash in the long dull fall of eternity.	philosophy
I don’t recall either of you asking me, you know I’m a lady and I need to be asked and agree to it.	sarcasm
Le spectacle est la principale production de la société actuelle.	philosophy
The command of our language is crucial to focusing our thoughts and communicating them with precision to others.	philosophy
Just feel the joy of life.	philosophy
Many waters cannot quench love, neither can floods drown it. What then kills love? Only this: Neglect.	philosophy
If you place your head in a lion's mouth, then you cannot complain one day if he happens to bite it off.	philosophy
My other hand?' Lopen said. 'The one that was cut off long ago, eaten by a fearsome beast? It is making a rude gesture toward you right now. I thought you would want to know, so you can prepare to be insulted.	sarcasm
Don't think, but look! (PI 66)	philosophy
I admire all my three sons-in-law highly. Wickham, perhaps is my favourite; but I think I shall like your husband quite as well as Jane's.	sarcasm
Things always become obvious after the fact	philosophy
Could two live that way? Could two live under the wild rose, and explore by the pond, so that the smooth mind of each is as everywhere present to the other, and as received and as unchallenged, as falling snow?	philosophy
Fantasy is escapist, and that is its glory. If a soldier is imprisioned by the enemy, don't we consider it his duty to escape?. . .If we value the freedom of mind and soul, if we're partisans of liberty, then it's our plain duty to escape, and to take as many people with us as we can!	philosophy
"It seems to me that good philosophy will always have a place in the investigation of any matter of deep human importance, because of its commitment to clarity, to carefully drawn distinctions, to calm argument rather than prejudice and dogmatic assertion"" ""Philosophical Interventions"" (Reviews 1986-2011)"	philosophy
You jealous souls are primeval without a doubt, Teach yourself to eat better instead of trying to eat one's heart out.	sarcasm
Raise a smile and lower stress	philosophy
You were a well-respected agent, Michael, a rags-to-riches fairytale ending. Until you became disgraced. Now it appears your own organization wishes to be rid of you. Why is this?”  “My gun turned back into a pumpkin.	sarcasm
The five points of <em>yama</em>, together with the five points of <em>niyama</em>, remind us of the Ten Commandments of the Christtian and Jewish faiths, as well as of the ten virtues of Buddhism. In fact, there is no religion without these moral or ethical codes. All spiritual life should be based on these things. They are the foundation stones without which we can never build anything lasting. (127)	philosophy
Bring the mind into sharp focus and make it alert so that it can immediately intuit truth, which is everywhere. The mind must be emancipated from old habits, prejudices, restrictive thought processes and even ordinary thought itself.	philosophy
Any person who, with all the sincerity of heart, is in search for God, on land or in the sea, is worthy of respect.	philosophy
Deep connection is the antidote to madness.	philosophy
Sin sorpresas, aunque sean disagredables, nadie estaria dispuesto a vivir.	philosophy
"Too often, contemporary continental philosophers take the “other” of philosophy to mean literature, but not religion, which is for them just a little too wholly other, a little beyond their much heralded tolerance of alterity. They retain an antagonism to religious texts inherited straight from the Enlightenment, even though they pride themselves on having made the axioms and dogmas of the Enlightenment questionable. But the truth is that contemporary continental philosophy is marked by the language of the call and the response, of the gift, of hospitality to the other, of the widow, the orphan and the stranger, and by the very idea of the “wholly other,” a discourse that any with the ears to hear knows has a Scriptural provenance and a Scriptural resonance. (""A Prologue"", <em>Journal of Philosophy and Scripture</em> 1.1, Fall 2003, p. 1)."	philosophy
Even the finest sword plunged into salt water will eventually rust.	philosophy
Sophie coughed, and Oliver felt his cheeks becoming warm.  “Don’t be an ass, Andrew.”  “That’s a little bit difficult to accomplish, y’know?” Andrew replied. “I mean, if you had been so kind as to paint me with black and white stripes, I would’ve been a zebra!	sarcasm
We youths say “like” all the time because we mistrust reality.	philosophy
This sweet virginal primitive land will metaphorically breathe a sigh of relief --like a whisper of wind--when we are all and finally gone and the place and its creations can return to their ancient procedures unobserved and undisturbed by the busy, anxious, brooding consciousness of man.	philosophy
Yet the ivory gods, And the ebony gods, And the gods of diamond-jade, Are only silly puppet gods That people themselves Have made.-	philosophy
"When we sense something, it is due to the movement of atoms in space. When I see the moon it is because ""moon atoms"" penetrate my eye."	philosophy
Sit still with me in the shade of these green trees, which have no weightier thought than the withering of their leaves when autumn arrives, or the stretching of their many stiff fingers into the cold sky of the passing winter. Sit still with me and meditate on how useless effort is, how alien the will, and on how our very meditation is no more useful than effort, and no more our own than the will. Meditate too on how a life that wants nothing can have no weight in the flux of things, but a life the wants everything can likewise have no weight in the flux of things, since it cannot obtain everything, and to obtain less than everything is not worthy of souls that seek the truth.	philosophy
Everything we see hides another thing, we always want to see what is hidden by what we see, but it is impossible. Humans hide their secrets too well....	philosophy
Should I have a doughnut or my disgusting cardboard?” asked Gwynn, as she drew up languidly before me at a study table in a bookstore on State Street, raising a puffed rice cake in the air.  My eyes narrowed attentively at her face, but as I hesitated, she announced eagerly, “Disgusting cardboard it is!	philosophy
A big man stood looking out the window at the night. He had a close-cropped haircut, obviously military, and wore a camouflage uniform. Pink scalp showed through his light colored hair and his thick neck glowed red.   There's a stroke waiting to happen. Tara couldn't stop the irreverent thought.	sarcasm
Having just enough life to enjoy being dead.	philosophy
Luchesi cannot tell amontillado from a sherry	sarcasm
Imagination is cheap as long as you don't have to worry about the details.	philosophy
And if one loves me for my judgement, memory, he does not love <em>me</em>, for I can lose these qualities without losing myself. Where, then, is this Ego, if it be neither in the body nor in the soul? And how love the body or the soul, except for these qualities which do not constitute <em>me</em>, since they are perishable? For it is impossible and would be unjust to love the soul of a person in the abstract and whatever qualities might be therein. We never, then, love a person, but only qualities.  Let us, then, jeer no more at those who are honoured on account of rank and office; for we love a person only on account of borrowed qualities.	philosophy
The most important thing about a technology is how it changes people.	philosophy
If you were born with the ability to change someone’s perspective or emotions, never waste that gift. It is one of the most powerful gifts God can give—the ability to influence.	philosophy
A truth is not necessary, because we negatively are not able to conceive the actual existence of the opposite thereof;but a truth is necessary when we positively are able to apprehend that the negation thereof includes an inevitable contradiction. It is not that that we can see how the opposite comes to be true, but it is that the opposite can not possibly be true.	philosophy
God May Grant Your Wishes Daily [10w]  Pray for sunshine at night  and moonbeams when you wake.	philosophy
Without living, how can you know? Without knowing, how can you speak?	philosophy
If I hold my head to the left and look down at the handle grips and front wheel and map carrier and gas tank I get one pattern of sense data. If I move my head to the right I get another slightly different pattern of sense data. The two views are different. The angles of the planes and curves of the metal are different. The sunlight strikes them differently. If there's no logical basis for substance then there's no logical basis for concluding that what's produced these two views is the same motorcycle.	philosophy
Would you like to stand next to me and introduce yourself to the class?'' Smiled Mr Zimmerman, the English teacher.  Nope, I would rather turn into bat! Leave me the heck alone. Ughh, why is it teachers ask ' Would you like to?' No teen ever wants to stand in front of strangers and be forced to talk about them.  - Lenore Lee from Whitby After Dark	sarcasm
Perhaps home is not a place but simply an irrevocable condition.	philosophy
The soul exists partly in eternity and partly in time.	philosophy
As long as we are children, we have the ability to experience things around us--but then we grow used to the world. To grow up is to get drunk on sensory experience.	philosophy
You cannot be buried in obscurity: you are exposed upon a grand theater to the view of the world. If your actions are upright and benevolent, be assured they will augment your power and happiness.	philosophy
A picture held us captive. And we could not get outside it, for it lay in our language and language seemed to repeat it to us inexorably.	philosophy
Time deals gently only with those who take it gently.	philosophy
I would rather be an opportunist and float than go to the bottom with my principles around my neck.	philosophy
♫ I learned a lesson today: never judge a person by the way they act, nor how they dress, or the way they have their disabilities. Because everyone on Earth suffers the same hell, whether in love or hate, life or death.	philosophy
"I've often thought that there isn't any ""I"" at all; that we are simply the means of expression of something else; that when we think we are ourselves, we are simply the victims of a delusion."	philosophy
One always has a choice.	philosophy
Philosophy cannot be extinguished, though men will try ... The spirit seeks the light, that is its nature. It wishes to return to its origin, and must forever try to reach enlightenment.	philosophy
Laughter is the hand of God on the shoulder of a troubled world.	philosophy
Philosophers console themselves with explanations.	philosophy
Phones with numerical keypads worked best for dialing phone calls. Incidentally, phone calls tend to be the primary function of a phone. 'Smartphones' completely ignore these basic facts, resulting in some of the least intelligent devices I've seen yet. Oh the irony.	sarcasm
There is no justice in the laws of nature, no term for fairness in the equations of motion. The Universe is neither evil, nor good, it simply does not care. The stars don't care, or the Sun, or the sky.   But they don't have to! WE care! There IS light in the world, and it is US!	philosophy
Reason is, and ought only to be the slave of the passions, and can never pretend to any other office than to serve and obey them.	philosophy
I assess the power of a will by how much resistance, pain, torture it endures and knows how to turn to its advantage	philosophy
In the most general terms, the Enlightenment goes back to Plato's belief that truth and beauty and goodness are connected; that truth and beauty, disseminated widely, will sooner or later lead to goodness. (While we're making at effort at truth and goodness, beauty reminds us what we're hold out for.)	philosophy
The better organized the state, the duller its humanity.	philosophy
God is an ever receding pocket of﻿ scientific ignorance.	philosophy
Beyond all sciences, philosophies, theologies, and histories, a child's relentless inquiry is truly all it takes to remind us that we don't know as much as we think we know.	philosophy
"I frowned at him. ""Isn't sarcasm the opiate of the masses?"" ""You're thinking of religion,"" he replied. ""Sarcasm is the Xanax of the morally bereft."	sarcasm
although we very clearly see the sun, we ought not therefore to determine that it is only of the size which our sense of sight presents; and we may very distinctly imagine the head of a lion joined to the body of a goat, without being therefore shut up to the conclusion that a chimaera exists; for it is not a dictate of reason that what we thus see or imagine is in reality existent; but it plainly tells us that all our ideas or notions contain in them some truth.	philosophy
It is related that Sakyamuni [the historical Buddha] once dismissed as of small consequence a feat of levitation on the part of a disciple, and cried out in pity for a yogin by the river who had spent twenty years of his human existence learning to walk on water, when the ferryman might have taken him across for a small coin.	philosophy
"It is indisputable that the being whose capacities of enjoyment are low, has the greatest chance of having them fully satisfied; and a highly endowed being will always feel that any happiness which he can look for, as the world is constituted, is imperfect. But he can learn to bear its imperfections, if they are at all bearable; and they will not make him envy the being who is indeed unconscious of the imperfections, but only because he feels not at all the good which those imperfections qualify.   It is better to be a human being dissatisfied than a pig satisfied; better to be <a href=""https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/275648.Socrates"" title=""Socrates"">Socrates</a> dissatisfied than a fool satisfied. And if the fool, or the pig, is of a different opinion, it is only because they only know their own side of the question."	philosophy
I'm now selling body-shaped soap bubbles for your own personal and clean Safe Space. I'll be setting up a booth on @EmoryUniversity's campus.	sarcasm
My desire for knowledge is intermittent; but my desire to bathe my head in atmospheres unknown to my feet is perennial and constant. The highest that we can attain to is not Knowledge, but Sympathy with Intelligence. I do not know that this higher knowledge amounts to anything more definite than a novel and grand surprise on a sudden revelation of the insufficiency of all that we called Knowledge before,—a discovery that there are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamed of in our philosophy.	philosophy
The delight we take in our senses is an implicit desire to know the ultimate reason for things, the highest cause. The desire for wisdom that philosophy etymologically is is a desire for the highest or divine causes. Philosophy culminates in theology. All other knowledge contains the seeds of contemplation of the divine.	philosophy
"But it so happens that everything on this planet is, ultimately, irrational; there is not, and cannot be, any reason for the causal connexion of things, if only because our use of the word ""reason"" already implies the idea of causal connexion. But, even if we avoid this fundamental difficulty, Hume said that causal connexion was not merely unprovable, but unthinkable; and, in shallower waters still, one cannot assign a true reason why water should flow down hill, or sugar taste sweet in the mouth. Attempts to explain these simple matters always progress into a learned lucidity, and on further analysis retire to a remote stronghold where every thing is irrational and unthinkable.  If you cut off a man's head, he dies. Why? Because it kills him. That is really the whole answer. Learned excursions into anatomy and physiology only beg the question; it does not explain why the heart is necessary to life to say that it is a vital organ. Yet that is exactly what is done, the trick that is played on every inquiring mind. Why cannot I see in the dark? Because light is necessary to sight. No confusion of that issue by talk of rods and cones, and optical centres, and foci, and lenses, and vibrations is very different to Edwin Arthwait's treatment of the long-suffering English language.  Knowledge is really confined to experience. The laws of Nature are, as Kant said, the laws of our minds, and, as Huxley said, the generalization of observed facts.  It is, therefore, no argument against ceremonial magic to say that it is ""absurd"" to try to raise a thunderstorm by beating a drum; it is not even fair to say that you have tried the experiment, found it would not work, and so perceived it to be ""impossible."" You might as well claim that, as you had taken paint and canvas, and not produced a Rembrandt, it was evident that the pictures attributed to his painting were really produced in quite a different way.  You do not see why the skull of a parricide should help you to raise a dead man, as you do not see why the mercury in a thermometer should rise and fall, though you elaborately pretend that you do; and you could not raise a dead man by the aid of the skull of a parricide, just as you could not play the violin like Kreisler; though in the latter case you might modestly add that you thought you could learn.  This is not the special pleading of a professed magician; it boils down to the advice not to judge subjects of which you are perfectly ignorant, and is to be found, stated in clearer and lovelier language, in the Essays of Thomas Henry Huxley."	philosophy
And don't tell me the end justifies the means because it doesn't. We never reach the end. All we ever get is means. That's what we live with.	philosophy
Great. Relationship advice from one of America's most wanted.	sarcasm
It is a self-deception of philosophers and moralists to imagine that they escape decadence by opposing it. That is beyond their will; and, however little they acknowledge it, one later discovers that they were among the most powerful promoters of decadence.	philosophy
A truth that's told with bad intent Beats all the lies you can invent.	philosophy
Because this is another thing your average American man in crisis does: he tries to go home, forgetting, momentarily, that he is the reason he left home in the first place, that the home is not his anymore, and that the crisis is him.	philosophy
Socrates himself said, 'One thing only I know, and this is that I know nothing.'  Remember this statement, because it is an admission that is rare, even among philosophers. Moreover, it can be so dangerous to say in public that it can cost you your life. The most subversive people are those who ask questions. Giving answers is not nearly as threatening. Any one question can be more explosive than a thousand answers.	philosophy
The building is a tumbling house of cards behind me. The bus bitches are paper cutouts.	sarcasm
Whoever is going to listen to the philosophers needs a considerable practice in listening.	philosophy
Not only are there meaningless questions, but many of the problems with which the human intellect has tortured itself turn out to be only 'pseudo problems,' because they can be formulated only in terms of questions which are meaningless. Many of the traditional problems of philosophy, of religion, or of ethics, are of this character. Consider, for example, the problem of the freedom of the will. You maintain that you are free to take either the right- or the left-hand fork in the road. I defy you to set up a single objective criterion by which you can prove after you have made the turn that you might have made the other. The problem has no meaning in the sphere of objective activity; it only relates to my personal subjective feelings while making the decision.	philosophy
In the world of art, all things are possible.--George from Paradise Kiss	philosophy
You will never know how high you can climb until you reach the top.	philosophy
The sun symbolizes the Divine intelligence; the empty vastness of space symbolizes the Divine All-Possibility and also the Divine immutability; a bird symbolizes the soul; a tree symbolizes the grades of being; and water symbolizes knowledge and rain revelation.	philosophy
That's the dumbest thing I've ever heard of. I think I would have more fun chopping thistles with a butter knife.	sarcasm
A moment or an eternity—did it matter? Life, undefeated, existed and could exist.	philosophy
Then I wondered if that was what this was, like a Brokeback Mountain thing. We’d sleep in the same bed for a year, and finally we’d do it, but we’d never talk about it, ever, and then Ben would get married and I’d be killed in Texas. Probably not, but you can never be too careful with these things.	sarcasm
All sciences are vain and full of errors that are not born of Experience, the mother of all Knowledge.	philosophy
We're on a planet, relax!	philosophy
Ignorance isn't a sword. It's a weight that drags a soul swirling to the bottom of the sea.	philosophy
When I see the blind and wretched state of men, when I survey the whole universe in its deadness, and man left to himself with no light, as though lost in this corner of the universe without knowing who put him there, what he has to do, or what will become of him when he dies, incapable of knowing anything, I am moved to terror, like a man transported in his sleep to some terrifying desert island, who wakes up quite lost, with no means of escape. Then I marvel that so wretched a state does not drive people to despair.	philosophy
a spider and a fly  i heard a spider and a fly arguing wait said the fly do not eat me i serve a great purpose in the world  you will have to show me said the spider  i scurry around gutters and sewers and garbage cans said the fly and gather up the germs of typhoid influenza and pneumonia on my feet and wings then i carry these germs into households of men and give them diseases all the people who have lived the right sort of life recover from the diseases and the old soaks who have weakened their systems with liquor and iniquity succumb it is my mission to help rid the world of these wicked persons i am a vessel of righteousness scattering seeds of justice and serving the noblest uses  it is true said the spider that you are more useful in a plodding material sort of way than i am but i do not serve the utilitarian deities i serve the gods of beauty look at the gossamer webs i weave they float in the sun like filaments of song if you get what i mean i do not work at anything i play all the time i am busy with the stuff of enchantment and the materials of fairyland my works transcend utility i am the artist a creator and demi god it is ridiculous to suppose that i should be denied the food i need in order to continue to create beauty i tell you plainly mister fly it is all damned nonsense for that food to rear up on its hind legs and say it should not be eaten  you have convinced me said the fly say no more and shutting all his eyes he prepared himself for dinner and yet he said i could have made out a case for myself too if i had had a better line of talk  of course you could said the spider clutching a sirloin from him but the end would have been just the same if neither of us had spoken at all  boss i am afraid that what the spider said is true and it gives me to think furiously upon the futility of literature  archy	philosophy
Sublime natures are seldom clean!	philosophy
After a dream like that, you're grateful that it was just a dream, that no matter how bad your actual life, it couldn't be worse than your dream life.	philosophy
Hence the sterile, uninspiring futility of a great many theoretical discussions of ethics, and the resentment which many people feel towards such discussions: moral principles remain in their minds as floating abstractions, offering them a goal they cannot grasp and demanding that they reshape their souls in its image, thus leaving them with a burden of undefinable moral guilt.	philosophy
All things one has forgotten scream for help in dreams.	philosophy
Ein Philosoph ist ein Mann, der das Leben mit Fragen so stark belastet, daß es in sich geht: daß es in seine eigene Tiefe hinabsinkt.	philosophy
Calling sex by its name thereafter [the 17th c.] became more difficult and more costly. As if in order to gain mastery of it in reality, it had first been necessary to subjugate it at the level of language, control its free circulation in speech, expunge it from the things that were said, and extinguish the words that rendered it too visibly present.	philosophy
"There's a story behind every  ""I don't believe in love"" ""Period"	philosophy
Civilization is only possible for deeply unpleasant animals. It is only an ape that can be truly civilized.	philosophy
When you think yours is the only true path you forever chain yourself to judging others and narrow the vision of God. The road to righteousness and arrogance is a parallel road that can intersect each other several times throughout a person's life. It’s often hard to recognize one road from another. What makes them different is the road to righteousness is paved with the love of humanity. The road to arrogance is paved with the love of self.	philosophy
Sorry, one night stands don't stack up as credentials for tending bar.	sarcasm
"Perhaps in his loneliness he had acquired the silent conviction that he was 'the last', the one, the only. And, being the last, he ceased to be Benjamin, becoming Israel. And upon his heart had settled the history of five thousand years, no longer remote, but become as the history of his own lifetime. His ""I"" was the converse of the imperial ""We."	philosophy
I had a microscopic eye for the blemish, for the grain of ugliness which to me constituted the sole beauty of the object.	philosophy
Just as one spoils the stomach by overfeeding and thereby impairs the whole body, so can one overload and choke the mind by giving it too much nourishment. For the more one reads the fewer are the traces left of what one has read; the mind is like a tablet that has been written over and over. Hence it is impossible to reflect; and it is only by reflection that one can assimilate what one has read. If one reads straight ahead without pondering over it later, what has been read does not take root, but is for the most part lost.	philosophy
No one referred to Fearghus the Destroyer as the life of anyone’s party.	sarcasm
Thomas was an annoying wiseass who tended to make everyone he met want to kill him, and when I have that much in common with someone, I can't help but like him a little.	sarcasm
If there are no stupid questions, then what kind of questions do stupid people ask? Do they get smart just in time to ask questions?	sarcasm
Don't hate the media; become the media.	philosophy
What’s it like? Ballet school?” “Harsh,” he said. “Everyone dances until they collapse. We eat only raw-egg smoothies and wheat protein. Every Friday we have a dance-off and whoever is left standing gets a chocolate bar. Also we have to watch dance movies constantly.	sarcasm
Our natures are, indeed, elusively insubstantial—notoriously less stable and less inherent than the nature of other things. And insofar as this is the case, sincerity itself is bullshit.	philosophy
Whatever I learned, Whatever I knew, Seems like those faded years of childhood that flew, Away in some dilemma, Always in some confusion, The purpose of this life, Seems like an illusion!	philosophy
"This is fantastically squalid,"" said Milo. ""We may never get out of here alive."	sarcasm
There is something fascinating about science. One gets such wholesale returns of conjecture out of such a trifling investment of fact.	philosophy
History is a hermaphrodite with many distinguished lovers. We are neither mysteries nor strangers but the living breath of revelation made flesh by the unrestrained desires of a free and universal love. Universal me. Universal you.” --from Past Present and Future are One	philosophy
Morality is simply the attitude we adopt towards people we personally dislike.	philosophy
I just bought a tube of toothpaste, and under the cap there was no silver aluminum cover to peel back. Has Ted been here? #CruzSexScandal	sarcasm
Stop feeling sorry for yourself and you will be happy.	philosophy
It is therefore senseless to think of complaining since nothing foreign has decided what we feel, what we live, or what we are.	philosophy
Two heads are better than one because the more people that get involved, the easier it is to reach an agreement. This is why committees are so efficient.	sarcasm
Think of it as an eight-dimensional onion.’ Justine straightened her back and gave her father an exasperated look. ‘Thanks, Dad. That’s helpful. I always think in those terms, it really helps a lot.	sarcasm
Economic power is exercised by means of a positive, by offering men a reward, an incentive, a payment, a value; political power is exercised by means of a negative, by the threat of punishment, injury, imprisonment, destruction. The businessman's tool is values; the bureaucrat's tool is fear.	philosophy
The ethos of redemption is realized in self-mastery, by means of temperance, that is, continence of desires.	philosophy
To be poor, ugly and, moreover, intelligent condemns one in our society to a dark and disillusioned life...to beauty all is forgiven.	philosophy
We have to dare to be ourselves, however frightening or strange that self may prove to be.	philosophy
Philosophy is an amazing tissue of really fine thinking and incredible, puerile mistakes. It's like one of those rubber 'bones' they give dogs to chew, damned good for the mind's teeth, but as food - no bloody good at all.	philosophy
A bridge of silver wings stretches from the dead ashes of an unforgiving nightmare to the jeweled vision of a life started anew.	philosophy
Philosophy, as we use the word, is a fight against the fascination which forms of expression exert upon us.	philosophy
For the same reason there is nowhere to begin to trace the sheaf or the graphics of differance. For what is put into question is precisely the quest for a rightful beginning, an absolute point of departure, a principal responsibility. The problematic of writing is opened by putting into question the value of the arkhe. What I will propose here will not be elaborated simply as a philosophical discourse, operating according to principles, postulates, axioms, or definitions, and proceeding along the discursive lines of a linear order of reasons. In the delineation of differance everything is strategic and adventurous. Strategic because no transcendent truth present outside the field of writing can govern theologically the totality of the field. Adventurous because this strategy is a not simple strategy in the sense that strategy orients tactics according to a final goal, a telos or theme of domination, a mastery and ultimate reappropriation of the development of the field. Finally, a strategy without finality, what might be called blind tactics, or empirical wandering if the value of empiricism did not itself acquire its entire meaning in opposition to philosophical responsibility. If there is a certain wandering in the tracing of differance, it no more follows the lines of philosophical-logical discourse than that of its symmetrical and integral inverse, empirical-logical discourse. The concept of play keeps itself beyond this opposition, announcing, on the eve of philosophy and beyond it, the unity of chance and necessity in calculations without end.	philosophy
O dear Pan and all the other gods of this place, grant that I may be beautiful inside. Let all my external possessions be in friendly harmony with what is within. May I consider the wise man rich. As for gold, let me have as much as a moderate man could bear and carry with him.	philosophy
Let the love of the moon kiss you good night,  let the morning sun wake you up with loving light.	philosophy
Music opens the window of the soul to let the nectar of life come in.	philosophy
His own life suddenly seemed repellently formal. Whom did he know or what did he know and whom did he love? Sitting on the stump under the burden of his father's death and even the mortality inherent in the dying, wildly colored canopy of leaves, he somehow understood that life was only what one did every day.... Nothing was like anything else, including himself, and everything was changing all of the time. He knew he couldn't perceive the change because he was changing too, along with everything else.  (from the novella, <em>The Man Who Gave Up His Name)</em>	philosophy
The trouble was that he was talking in philosophy but they were listening in gibberish.	philosophy
Music can heal the wounds which medicine cannot touch.	philosophy
We can speak and think only of what exists. And what exists is uncreated and imperishable for it is whole and unchanging and complete. It was not or nor shall be different since it is now, all at once, one and continuous.	philosophy
She's my best friend, and I know she means well, but as she talks I'm mentally calculating all the ways I could silence her. I'm bigger than her... I wonder if I could use my straw for some sort of MacGyver inspired weapon.	sarcasm
What, more realistically, is this “mutation,” the “new man”? He is the rootless man, discontinuous with a past that Nihilism has destroyed, the raw material of every demagogue’s dream; the “free-thinker” and skeptic, closed only to the truth but “open” to each new intellectual fashion because he himself has no intellectual foundation; the “seeker” after some “new revelation,” ready to believe anything new because true faith has been annihilated in him; the planner and experimenter, worshipping “fact” because he has abandoned truth, seeing the world as a vast laboratory in which he is free to determine what is “possible”; the autonomous man, pretending to the humility of only asking his “rights,” yet full of the pride that expects everything to be given him in a world where nothing is authoritatively forbidden; the man of the moment, without conscience or values and thus at the mercy of the strongest “stimulus”; the “rebel,” hating all restraint and authority because he himself is his own and only god; the “mass man,” this new barbarian, thoroughly “reduced” and “simplified” and capable of only the most elementary ideas, yet scornful of anyone who presumes to point out the higher things or the real complexity of life.	philosophy
Playful, positive sarcasm is different from negative mean sarcasm, and many people don't know the difference.	sarcasm
Problems that remain persistently insoluble should always be suspected as questions asked in the wrong way.	philosophy
"Cam's wings were so bright they were almost blinding as they pulsed.  ""Holy Hell,"" Callie whispered, blinking. ""More or less,"" Arriane said"	sarcasm
In politics we presume that everyone who knows how to get votes knows how to administer a city or a state. When we are ill... we do not ask for the handsomest physician, or the most eloquent one.	philosophy
If you know that I am an unbeliever, then you know me better than I do myself. I may be an unbeliever, but I am an unbeliever who has a nostalgia for a belief.	philosophy
The world does not speak. Only we do. The world can, once we have programmed ourselves with a language, cause us to hold beliefs. But it cannot propose a language for us to speak. Only other human beings can do that.	philosophy
Forbearance in the face of fate, beauty constant under torture, are not merely passive. They are a positive achievement, an explicit triumph.	philosophy
Hustling [10w]  Fishing's the world's oldest profession; only the bait has changed.	philosophy
la vida sólo puede ser entendida mirando hacia atrás; aunque deba ser vivida mirando hacia adelante	philosophy
We live in a stocking which is in the process of being turned inside out, without our ever knowing for sure to what phase of the process our moment of consciousness corresponds.	philosophy
Every existing thing is born without reason, prolongs itself out of weakness, and dies by chance.	philosophy
Society can and does execute its own mandates: and if it issues wrong mandates instead of right, or any mandates at all in things with it ought not to meddle, it practices a social tyranny more formidable than many kinds of political oppression, since, though not usually upheld by such extreme penalties, it leaves fewer means of escape, penetrating much more deeply into the details of life, and enslaving the soul itself.	philosophy
Nothing was ever in tune. People just blindly grabbed at whatever there was: communism, health foods, zen, surfing, ballet, hypnotism, group encounters, orgies, biking, herbs, Catholicism, weight-lifting, travel, withdrawal, vegetarianism, India, painting, writing, sculpting, composing, conducting, backpacking, yoga, copulating, gambling, drinking, hanging around, frozen yogurt, Beethoven, Back, Buddha, Christ, TM, H, carrot juice, suicide, handmade suits, jet travel, New York City, and then it all evaporated and fell apart. People had to find things to do while waiting to die. I guess it was nice to have a choice.	philosophy
"Do you remember me telling you we are practicing non-verbal spells, Potter?"" ""Yes,"" said Harry stiffly. ""Yes, sir."" ""There's no need to call me ""sir"" Professor."" The words had escaped him before he knew what he was saying."	sarcasm
Because each of you has his or her own death, you carry it with you in a secret place from the moment you're born, it belongs to you and you belong to it.	philosophy
When you are lonely for a while don't get restless, if you had born alone, you are going to die alone then for sometime you can certainly live alone.	philosophy
An accessible introduction to the nature of political thought. Just what I always wanted.	sarcasm
She wondered which was worse—living your whole life staring at yourself or waiting your whole life for someone to stare back at you.	philosophy
Do you know the only value life has is what life puts upon itself? And it is of course overestimated, for it is of necessity prejudiced in its own favour. Take that man I had aloft. He held on as if he were a precious thing, a treasure beyond diamonds of rubies. To you? No. To me? Not at all. To himself? Yes. But I do not accept his estimate. He sadly overrates himself. There is plenty more life demanding to be born. Had he fallen and dripped his brains upon the deck like honey from the comb, there would have been no loss to the world. The supply is too large.	philosophy
In the Kamigata area, they have a sort of tiered lunchbox they use for a single day when flower viewing. Upon returning, they throw them away, trampling them underfoot. The end is important in all things.	philosophy
Love is a chemical reaction, But it cannot be fully understood or defined by science. And though a body cannot exist without a soul, It too cannot be fully understood or defined by science. Love is the most powerful form of energy, But science cannot decipher its elements. Yet the best cure for a sick soul is love, But even the most advanced physician Cannot prescribe it as medicine.   INCOMPLETE SCIENCE by Suzy Kassem	philosophy
It is too difficult to think nobly when one thinks only of earning a living.	philosophy
"Can you enter a house uninvited?"" ""No."" ""Why?"" ""That would be rude."	sarcasm
The bastard kissed her. She was so mad, she bit him hard enough to draw blood. Raphael pulled back, lip already beginning to swell. “We are no longer even, Elena. You’re now in debt.” “You can deduct it from my slow and painful death.	sarcasm
The universe never complains. When you're wrong or right, She always loves and cares, She always gives and shares.  When you get lost she becomes the light, Helps you to find what is right.  But she never forgets To show you the light.	philosophy
Arch turned and looked at Ian. The other man was fiddling with the neckline of his shirt. “You're just jealous, Ian, and wishing you had a soul mate of your own. In fact, I don't think any woman will be safe until you get one.” Ian shot him an unamused look at his words.	sarcasm
Katniss: 'What about you? Ive seen you in the market. You can lift hundred pound bags of flour'. I snap at him Tell him that. Thats not nothing. Peeta: Yes and Im sure the arena will be full of bags of flour for me to chuck at people.	sarcasm
Champions never sleep, the eternal spirit keep them alert and awake.	philosophy
"The philosopher <a href=""https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/3213618.Diogenes"" title=""Diogenes"">Diogenes</a> was eating bread and lentils for supper. He was seen by the philosopher <a href=""https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/8136486.Aristippus"" title=""Aristippus"">Aristippus</a>, who lived comfortably by flattering the king. Said <a href=""https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/8136486.Aristippus"" title=""Aristippus"">Aristippus</a>, '<em>If you would learn to be subservient to the king you would not have to live on lentils</em>.'  Said [author:Diogenes|3213618, 'Learn to live on lentils and you will not have to be subservient to the king""."	philosophy
The connection between art and Christ is like the connection between sunlight and the sun. It is, in fact, the connection between Sonlight and the Son.	philosophy
If you live consciously, if you try to bring consciousness to every act that you go through, you will be living in a silent, blissful state, in serenity, in joy, in love. Your life will have the flavour of a festival. That is the meaning of heaven: your life will have many flowers in it, much fragrance will be released through you. You will have an aura of delight. Your life will be a song of life-affirmation, it will be a sacred yes to all that existence is. You will be in communion with existence — in communion with stars, with the trees, with the rivers, with the mountains, with people, with animals. This whole life and this whole existence will have a totally different meaning for you. From every nook and corner, rivers of bliss will be flowing towards you. Heaven is just a name for that state of mind. Hell means you are living so unconsciously, so absurdly, in such contradiction, that you go on creating more and more misery for yourself.	philosophy
For me, I am driven by two main philosophies: know more today about the world than I knew yesterday and lessen the suffering of others. You'd be surprised how far that gets you.	philosophy
The wild worship of lawlessness and the materialist worship of law end in the same void. Nietzsche scales staggering mountains, but he turns up ultimately in Tibet. He sits down beside Tolstoy in the land of nothing and Nirvana. They are both helpless—one because he must not grasp anything, and the other because he must not let go of anything. The Tolstoyan’s will is frozen by a Buddhist instinct that all special actions are evil. But the Nietzscheite’s will is quite equally frozen by his view that all special actions are good; for if all special actions are good, none of them are special. They stand at the crossroads, and one hates all the roads and the other likes all the roads. The result is—well, some things are not hard to calculate. They stand at the cross-roads.	philosophy
The illness of a doctor is always worse than the illnesses of his patients.The patients only feel, but the doctor, as well as feeling, has a pretty good idea of the destructive effect of the disease on his constitution.This is a case in which knowledge brings death nearer.	philosophy
The sole philosophy open to those who doubt the possibility of truth is absolute silence -- even mental.	philosophy
We belittle what we cannot bear. We make figments out of fundamentals, all in the name of preserving our own peculiar fancies. The best way to secure one's own deception is to accuse others of deceit.	philosophy
Is my life, by any chance, about to take a new turn?	sarcasm
Every sign, linguistic or nonlinguistic, spoken or written (in the usual sense of this opposition), as a small or large unity, can be cited, put between quotation marks; thereby it can break with every given context, and engender infinitely new contexts in an absolutely nonsaturable fashion. This does not suppose that the mark is valid outside its context, but on the contrary that there are only contexts without any center of absolute anchoring. This citationality, duplication, or duplicity, this iterability of the mark is not an accident or anomaly, but is that (normal/abnormal) without which a mark could no longer even have a so-called “normal” functioning. What would a mark be that one could not cite? And whose origin could not be lost on the way?	philosophy
Science must not impose any philosophy, any more than the telephone must tell us what to say.	philosophy
I am Me. In all the world, there is no one else exactly like me. Everything that comes out of me is authentically mine, because I alone chose it -- I own everything about me: my body, my feelings, my mouth, my voice, all my actions, whether they be to others or myself. I own my fantasies, my dreams, my hopes, my fears. I own my triumphs and successes, all my failures and mistakes. Because I own all of me, I can become intimately acquainted with me. By so doing, I can love me and be friendly with all my parts. I know there are aspects about myself that puzzle me, and other aspects that I do not know -- but as long as I am friendly and loving to myself, I can courageously and hopefully look for solutions to the puzzles and ways to find out more about me. However I look and sound, whatever I say and do, and whatever I think and feel at a given moment in time is authentically me. If later some parts of how I looked, sounded, thought, and felt turn out to be unfitting, I can discard that which is unfitting, keep the rest, and invent something new for that which I discarded. I can see, hear, feel, think, say, and do. I have the tools to survive, to be close to others, to be productive, and to make sense and order out of the world of people and things outside of me. I own me, and therefore, I can engineer me. I am me, and I am Okay.	philosophy
"Do you mean that you think you can find out the answer to it?"" said the March Hare. ""Exactly so,"" said Alice. ""Then you should say what you mean,"" the March Hare went on. ""I do,"" Alice hastily replied; ""at least--at least I mean what I say--that's the same thing, you know."" ""You might just as well say,"" added the Dormouse, which seemed to be talking in its sleep, ""that 'I breathe when I sleep' is the same thing as 'I sleep when I breathe!"	philosophy
You are in good shape for a dead man.	sarcasm
Quote words that affirm all men and women are your brothers and sisters.	philosophy
A philosophy professor at my college, whose baby became enamored of the portrait of David Hume on a Penguin paperback, had the cover laminated in plastic so her daughter could cut her teeth on the great thinker.	philosophy
So you think that money is the root of all evil? [...] Have you ever asked what is the root of money? Money is a tool of exchange, which can't exist unless there are goods produced and men able to produce them. Money is the material shape of the principle that men who wish to deal with one another must deal by trade and give value for value. Money is not the tool of the moochers, who claim your product by tears, or of the looters, who take it from you by force. Money is made possible only by the men who produce. Is this what you consider evil?	philosophy
Tangled [10w]  Love becomes a tangle of roots submerged in common soil.	philosophy
We are a society of notoriously unhappy people: lonely, anxious, depressed, destructive, dependent — people who are glad when we have killed the time we are trying so hard to save.	philosophy
To approach the Other in conversation is to welcome his expression, in which at each instant he overflows the idea a thought would carry away from it. It is therefore to receive from the Other beyond the capacity of the I, which means exactly: to have the idea of infinity. But this also means: to be taught. The relation with the Other, or Conversation, is a non-allergic relation, an ethical relation; but inasmuch as it is welcomed this conversation is a teaching. Teaching is not reducible to maieutics; it comes from the exterior and brings me more than I contain. In its non-violent transitivity the very epiphany of the face is produced.	philosophy
Fear is the polio of the soul which prevents our walking by faith.	philosophy
I never quite understood the question that says, is the glass half empty or half full? What’s the difference? Eventually it’ll end up empty and in the trash.	philosophy
It was a very proper wedding. The bride was elegantly dressed---the two bridemaids were duly inferior---her father gave her away---her mother stood with salts in her hand expecting to be agitated---her aunt tried to cry--- and the service was impressively read by Dr. Grant.	sarcasm
Time is a game played beautifully by children.	philosophy
Nothing in the world is permanent, and we’re foolish when we ask anything to last, but surely we’re still more foolish not to take delight in it while we have it. If change is of the essence of existence one would have thought it only sensible to make it the premise of our philosophy.	philosophy
Everything existing in the universe is the fruit of chance and necessity.	philosophy
Using love as a bait and replacing respect with ego-pampering makes you a skillful social animal; unfortunately, all kinds of animals are less evolved than human beings. Would you like to evolve?	sarcasm
"Alec looked at her and shook his head. ""How do you manage never to get mud on your clothes?"" Isabelle shrugged philosophically. ""I'm pure at heart. It repels the dirt."	sarcasm
Contentment is natural wealth, luxury is artificial poverty.	philosophy
What I admire about the modern atheist is not at all his logic, but rather his gift of imagination. There will always be the cartoon versions of Christianity further perpetuated by the extremist atheists who do not possess the humility to ask real scholars and theologians its difficult questions. There is little doubt that the atheist has the bigger imagination: the first reason is due to his persistent caricatures of what constitutes a Christian; the second because of his belief that most of his questions are actually rhetorical. From this I can infer that, instead of laughing at one another (the Christian at modern atheist immaturity and the modern atheist at Christian stupidity), we would have a better chance at productivity laughing with one another as we all dumb down what we don't understand.	sarcasm
The fossil record implies trial and error, the inability to anticipate the future, features inconsistent with a Great Designer (though not a Designer of a more remote and indirect temperament.)	philosophy
"Is it not curious, that so vast a being as the whale should see the world through so small an eye, and hear the thunder through an ear which is smaller than a hare's? But if his eyes were broad as the lens of Herschel's great telescope; and his ears capacious as the porches of cathedrals; would that make him any longer of sight, or sharper of hearing? Not at all.—Why then do you try to ""enlarge"" your mind? Subtilize it"	philosophy
Beloved, let us love one another, because love is from God; everyone one who loves is born of God and knows God. Whoever does not love does not know God, for God is love.	philosophy
The stalker, meanwhile, stepped into the road. Didn’t even check for traffic. There wasn’t any, but something told me this was lucky for traffic rather than the stalker.	philosophy
Ode to a Wastepaper Basket  I love the way you sit in the corner, gracious like a lover, catching my every crumpled vanity.	philosophy
Truth may start out timid, but it finishes bold.	philosophy
Aristotle may be regarded as the cultural barometer of Western history. Whenever his influence dominated the scene, it paved the way for one of history's brilliant eras; whenever it fell, so did mankind.	philosophy
Can all this just be an accident? Or could there be some alien intelligence behind it?	philosophy
I've given her signs! I've given her plenty of signs. What does she want me to do? Slap him across the face with my glove, and challenge him to pistols at dawn?	sarcasm
Believe me if you consult philosophy she will persuade you not to lit so long at your counting desk	philosophy
If someone can prove me wrong and show me my mistake in any thought or action, I shall gladly change. I seek the truth, which never harmed anyone: the harm is to persist in one's own self-deception and ignorance.	philosophy
Not a good book. It attempts to take a complex subject and make it assessable to the layman with cartoons, and in this effort it fails. Moreover, the authors often take biased stances, and while I agree with them for the most part it nonetheless detracts from any scholarly offerings in which they wish to partake.	philosophy
Don’t worry, hero. If the vamp shows up, I’m here to protect you.”  “Great, I can hide behind your massive ego.	sarcasm
Why aren’t red traffic lights heart-shaped? Probably because it’s not like rush hour can get any more romantic.	sarcasm
"In an average day, you may well be confronted with some species of bullying or bigotry, or some ill-phrased appeal to the general will, or some petty abuse of authority. If you have a political loyalty, you may be offered a shady reason for agreeing to a lie or a half-truth that serves some short-term purpose. Everybody devises tactics for getting through such moments; try behaving ""as if"" they need not be tolerated and are not inevitable."	philosophy
Fly with wings of love.	philosophy
I get my share of mud flung my way, but the secret is to dance in the rain and the mud will wash away.	sarcasm
I prefer for 'my world' to have the highest certification of being a faithful representation of the exterior world.	philosophy
Pursue not the outer entanglements; Dwell not in the inner void; Be serene in the oneness of things; And dualism vanishes by itself.	philosophy
A paranoid is someone who knows a little of what's going on.	philosophy
To be pleasant, gentle, calm and self-possessed: this is the basis of good taste and charm in a woman. No matter how amorous or passionate you may be, as long as you are straightforward and refrain from causing others embarrassment, no one will mind. But women who are too vain and act pretentiously, to the extent that they make others feel uncomfortable, will themselves become the object of attention; and once that happens, people will find fault with whatever they say or do; whether it be how they enter a room, how they sit down, how they stand up or how they take their leave. Those who end up contradicting themselves and those who disparage their companions are also carefully watched and listened to all the more. As long as you are free from such faults, people will surely refrain from listening to tittle-tattle and will want to show you sympathy, if only for the sake of politeness.  I am of the opinion that when you intentionally cause hurt to another, or indeed if you do ill through mere thoughtless behavior, you fully deserve to be censured in public. Some people are so good-natured that they can still care for those who despise them, but I myself find it very difficult. Did the Buddha himself in all his compassion ever preach that one should simply ignore those who slander the Three Treasures? How in this sullied world of ours can those who are hard done by be expected to reciprocate in kind?	philosophy
Weather is a purely personal matter. There is no such thing as a climate that is cold or hot, good or bad, healthy or unhealthy. People take it upon themselves to create a fantasy in their imagination and call it weather. There's only one climate in the world, but the message that nature sends is interpreted according to strictly personal, non-transferable rules.	philosophy
"I opened my eyes really wide and fluttered my eyelashes at him. ""I'm sorry, I must've missed your coronation ceremony. Silly me."" from Clean Sweep"	sarcasm
"teenagers are never joking. when seeking to prove a point, principals and teachers should remember that teenagers are never, ever sarcasic or ironic. if they say ""I wish someone would drop a bomb on this school right now,"" that means they have arranged for a nuclear arsenal to be emptied onto the school and should be immediately suspended and ridiculed. if they say they were merely coming up with a joking excuse to postpone a bio test, reply that all jokes are funny, and that since dropping a bomb on a school is not funny, it is therefore   not  a  joke."	sarcasm
Yet, I didn't understand that she was intentionally disguising her feelings with sarcasm; that was usually the last resort of people who are timid and chaste of heart, whose souls have been coarsely and impudently invaded; and who, until the last moment, refuse to yield out of pride and are afraid to express their own feelings to you.	sarcasm
I consist of body and soul - in the worlds of a child. And why shouldn't we speak like children? But the enlightened, the knowledgealbe would say: I am body through and through, nothing more; and the soul is just a word for something on the body.	philosophy
Whether a belief is considered to be a delusion or not depends partly upon the intensity with which it is defended, and partly upon the numbers of people subscribing to it.	philosophy
We are all inventors, each sailing out on a voyage of discovery, guided each by a private chart, of which there is no duplicate. The world is all gates, all opportunities.	philosophy
I don't want to be a tree; I want to be its meaning.	philosophy
Where are Haldad my father, and Haldad my brother? If the king of Doriath fears a friendship between Haleth and those who have devoured her kin, then the ways of the Eldar are strange to Men.	sarcasm
Opposition stood in my way, but I persevered against all odds and in the process gained my freedom as well as became a man whose future is like the universe/cosmos...INFINITE	philosophy
People ought to fight  to keep their law  as to defend the citys walls.	philosophy
All resistance is a rupture with what is. And every rupture begins, for those engaged in it, through a rupture with oneself.	philosophy
if being is many, it must be both like and unlike, and this is impossible, for neither can the like be unlike, nor the unlike like	philosophy
Socrates should have written comics.	philosophy
The creed which accepts as the foundation of morals, Utility, or the Greatest-Happiness Principle, holds that actions are right in proportion as they tend to promote happiness, wrong as they tend to produce the reverse of happiness. By happiness is intended pleasure, and the absence of pain; by unhappiness, pain, and the privation of pleasure.	philosophy
"And out floated Eeyore.  ""Eeyore!"" cried everybody.  Looking very calm, very dignified, with his legs in the air, came Eeyore from beneath the bridge.  ""It's Eeyore!"" cried Roo, terribly excited.  ""Is that so?"" said Eeyore, getting caught up by a little eddy, and turning slowly round three times. ""I wondered.""  ""I didn't know you were playing,"" said Roo.  ""I'm not,"" said Eeyore.  ""Eeyore, what are you doing there?"" said Rabbit.  ""I'll give you three guesses, Rabbit. Digging holes in the ground? Wrong. Leaping from branch to branch of a young oak-tree? Wrong. Waiting for somebody to help me out of the river? Right. Give Rabbit time, and he'll always get the answer.""  ""But, Eeyore,"" said Pooh in distress, ""what can we--I mean, how shall we--do you think if we--""  ""Yes,"" said Eeyore. ""One of those would be just the thing. Thank you, Pooh."	sarcasm
The best revenge is not to be like your enemy.	philosophy
Man was born for society. However little He may be attached to the World, He never can wholly forget it, or bear to be wholly forgotten by it. Disgusted at the guilt or absurdity of Mankind, the Misanthrope flies from it: He resolves to become an Hermit, and buries himself in the Cavern of some gloomy Rock. While Hate inflames his bosom, possibly He may feel contented with his situation: But when his passions begin to cool; when Time has mellowed his sorrows, and healed those wounds which He bore with him to his solitude, think you that Content becomes his Companion? Ah! no, Rosario. No longer sustained by the violence of his passions, He feels all the monotony of his way of living, and his heart becomes the prey of Ennui and weariness. He looks round, and finds himself alone in the Universe: The love of society revives in his bosom, and He pants to return to that world which He has abandoned. Nature loses all her charms in his eyes: No one is near him to point out her beauties, or share in his admiration of her excellence and variety. Propped upon the fragment of some Rock, He gazes upon the tumbling waterfall with a vacant eye, He views without emotion the glory of the setting Sun. Slowly He returns to his Cell at Evening, for no one there is anxious for his arrival; He has no comfort in his solitary unsavoury meal: He throws himself upon his couch of Moss despondent and dissatisfied, and wakes only to pass a day as joyless, as monotonous as the former.	philosophy
I suppose that I found out two more constituents of the eternal engine: folly and curiosity.	sarcasm
The selfish man suffers more from his selfishness than he from whom that selfishness withholds some important benefit.	philosophy
Absurdity is the ecstasy of intellectualism.	philosophy
A woman is a blissful mother, a wonderful sister, a gorgeous daughter, and a friend with a kind heart who really cares. Wishing you a wonderful International Women’s Day	philosophy
It is not the beauty of nature, but it is our dream-filled actions that create our futures.	philosophy
Philosophy, though unable to tell us with certainty what is the true answer to the doubts which it raises, is able to suggest many possiblities which enlarge our thoughts and free them from the tyranny of custom. Thus, while diminishing our feeling of certainty as to what things are, it greatly increases our knowledge as to what the may be; it removes the somewhat arrogant dogmatism of those who have never travelled into the region of liberating doubt, and it keeps alive our sense of wonder by showing familar things in an unfamilar aspect	philosophy
"Come on, there's no one there. You want coffee?"" Tess asked. ""Yeah, sure, why not? I'm only on the brink of a nervous breakdown. I don't imagine why caffeine wouldn't help this situation."	sarcasm
"What we have forgotten is that thoughts and words are conventions, and that it is fatal to take conventions too seriously. A convention is a social convenience, as, for example, money ... but it is absurd to take money too seriously, to confuse it with real wealth ... In somewhat the same way, thoughts, ideas and words are ""coins"" for real things."	philosophy
Oh, poor, poor fellow!' said Mrs. Elliot with a remorse that was sincere, though her congratulations would not have been.	sarcasm
In some ways blowjobs are better than sex because when you have a mouthful of cock you can't make snide comments.	sarcasm
It is not very important where you are, but where your thoughts are taking you is important.	philosophy
It takes a well-spent lifetime, and perhaps more, to crystalize in us that for which we exist.	philosophy
Then we’re just sitting there, staring at each other. Which has been happening a lot lately. It’s like whatever wall there was between us, however she was holding herself back from me . . . all of that pretense is gone. “And when you find a soul mate,” Sara says, “it’s undeniable. You have to be together.” “That’s my philosophy.” I look back at her. “You have to go with the flow.” “Exactly. I think the universe guides you to make the right choices.” “Do you believe in fate?” “I guess, but . . . it’s more about creating the life you want so you can make that fate a reality. You know?	philosophy
Beginning to think is beginning to be undermined. Society has but little connection with such beginnings. The worm is in man's heart. That is where it must be sought. One must follow and understand this fatal game that leads from lucidity in the face of existence to flight from light.	philosophy
Puns are just another form of sarcasm, which may or may not make you - smile, giggle, or laugh.	sarcasm
Nothing carries meaning. People carry meaning. We are the porters of importance.	philosophy
"Gankis lifted an arm to point at the distant shale cliffs. ""And in the face of it there were thousands of little holes, little what-you-call-'ems..."" ""Alcoves,"" Kennit supplied in an almost dreamy voice. ""I call them alcoves, Gankis. As would you, if you could speak your own mother tongue."	sarcasm
Then the lover, who is true and no counterfeit, must of necessity be loved by his love.	philosophy
So you thought you could shit and eat at the same time. How disgustingly convenient.	sarcasm
To live is to change, to acquire the words of a story, and that is the only celebration we mortals really know.	philosophy
Ik kwam er achter dat ik er mijn hele leven heus niet naar had verlang om te leven - als wat anderen doen tenminste leven genoemd kan worden - maar wel om mezelf te kunnen uitdrukken.	philosophy
"Do you understand what I'm saying?"" shouted Moist. ""You can't just go around killing people!"" ""Why Not? You Do."" The golem lowered his arm. ""What?"" snapped Moist. ""I do not! Who told you that?"" ""I Worked It Out. You Have Killed Two Point Three Three Eight People,"" said the golem calmly. ""I have never laid a finger on anyone in my life, Mr Pump. I may be–– all the things you know I am, but I am not a killer! I have never so much as drawn a sword!"" ""No, You Have Not. But You Have Stolen, Embezzled, Defrauded And Swindled Without Discrimination, Mr Lipvig. You Have Ruined Businesses And Destroyed Jobs. When Banks Fail, It Is Seldom Bankers Who Starve. Your Actions Have Taken Money From Those Who Had Little Enough To Begin With. In A Myriad Small Ways You Have Hastened The Deaths Of Many. You Do Not Know Them. You Did Not See Them Bleed. But You Snatched Bread From Their Mouths And Tore Clothes From Their Backs. For Sport, Mr Lipvig. For Sport. For The Joy Of The Game."	philosophy
What is left when honor is lost?	philosophy
"So the I.F. is spying on Earth."" ""Just as a mother spies on her children at play in the yard."" ""Good to know you're looking out for us, Mummy."	sarcasm
Flood of Feeling {Couplet}  A flood of feeling is a poem, created from daydreaming in the zone. The levees break, emotions snake, from imagination's ocean who sets the stakes.	philosophy
Love, I think, is a gateway to the world, not an escape from it.	philosophy
A philosopher is a blind man in a dark room looking for a black cat that isn't there. A theologian is the man who finds it.	philosophy
But I realized something. About art. And psychiatry. They're both self-perpetuating systems. Like religion. All <em>three</em> of them promise you a sense of inner worth and meaning, and spend a lot of time telling you about the suffering you have to go through to achieve it. As soon as you get a problem in any one of them, the solution it gives is always to go deeper into the same system. They're all in rather uneasy truce with one another in what's actually a mortal battle. Like all self-reinforcing systems. At best, each is trying to encompass the other two and define them as sub-groups. You know: religion and art are both forms of madness and madness is the realm of psychiatry. Or, art is the study and praise of man and man's ideals, so therefore a religious experience just becomes a brutalized aesthetic response and psychiatry is just another tool for the artist to observe man and render his portraits more accurately. And the religious attitude I guess is that the other two are only useful as long as they promote the good life. At worst, they all try to destroy one another. Which is what my psychiatrist, whether he knew it or not, was trying, quite effectively, to do to my painting. I gave up psychiatry too, pretty soon. I just didn't want to get all wound up in any systems at all.	philosophy
Freedom is the only worthy goal in life. It is won by disregarding things that lie beyond our control.	philosophy
You become mature when you become the authority of your own life.	philosophy
The bird of paradise alights only upon the hand that does not grasp.	philosophy
What i took away from witnessing the broken climbers in Moshi was this: *Everything is easy until it isn't.*	philosophy
It is not God that is worshipped but the authority that claims to speak in His name. Sin becomes disobedience to authority not violation of integrity.	philosophy
For I have trained myself and am training myself always to be able to dance lightly in the service of thought	philosophy
High thoughts must have high language.	philosophy
If Jack had followed him instead of trying to reclaim his car, he would undoubtedly have voiced his disappointment that they were not yet shooting laser cannons. Frankly, Richard thought dodging the police’s bullets would be problematic enough.	sarcasm
"You seem to know a lot about it,"" she said. ""And you do subtleties."" ""Yeah. Like I've always wanted to destroy the Nine Worlds while committing suicide."" ""Well, there's no need to be rude,"" protested Sif."	sarcasm
You may lie with your mouth, but with the mouth you make as you do so you none the less tell the truth.	philosophy
You asked me how to get out of the finite dimensions when I feel like it. I certainly don't use logic when I do it. Logic's the first thing you have to get rid of.	philosophy
God Created [10w]  Lips were created to kiss and hands to make peace.	philosophy
"You can't just skip the boring parts."" ""Of course I can skip the boring parts."" ""How do you know they're boring if you don't read them?"" ""I can tell."" ""Then you can't say you've read the whole play."" ""I think I can live a happy life, Meryl Lee, even if I don't read the boring parts of The Tragedy of Hamlet, Prince of Denmark."" ""Who knows?"" she said. ""Maybe you can't."	philosophy
There are times when wisdom cannot be found in the chambers of parliament or the halls of academia but at the unpretentious setting of the kitchen table.	philosophy
As life in general constituted much pain in the form of struggles against poverty, disease, ignorance, and emotional anguish, what more civilized way for people to alleviate the same than by giving themselves to one another as brothers and sisters in deed as well as in word? A society of people hoping to become politically superior needed first to become spiritually valid.	philosophy
"On one hand the eternal attraction of man towards femininity (cf. Gn. 2:23) frees in him-or perhaps it should free-a gamut of spiritual-corporal desires of an especially personal and ""sharing"" nature (cf. analysis of the ""beginning""), to which a proportionate pyramid of values corresponds. On the other hand, ""lust"" limits this gamut, obscuring the pyramid of values that marks the perennial attraction of male and female."	philosophy
Every country has the government it deserves.	philosophy
"You know, bicycling isn't just a matter of balance,"" I said. ""it's a matter of faith. You can keep upright only by moving forward. You have to have your eyes on the goal, not the ground. I'm going to call that the Bicyclist's Philosophy of Life."	philosophy
What matters creative endless toil, When, at a snatch, oblivion ends the coil?	philosophy
One never knows how the witch became wicked, or whether that was the right choice for her — is it ever the right choice? Does the devil ever struggle to be good again, or if so is he not a devil? It is the very least question of definitions.	philosophy
When you smile, a bird finds her wings to fly.	philosophy
The opposite of love is not hate, it's indifference. The opposite of art is not ugliness, it's indifference. The opposite of faith is not heresy, it's indifference. And the opposite of life is not death, it's indifference.	philosophy
Any boy who'd love a sailboat-patterned, swimsuited sausage who tames rabid foxes would be wonderful. And impossible.	sarcasm
Charity is no substitute for justice withheld.	philosophy
Conservatism is the antidote to tyranny. It's the only one. It's based on thousands of years of human experience. There is nothing narrow about the conservative philosophy. It's a liberating philosophy. It is a magnificent philosophy. It is a philosophy for the ages, for all times.	philosophy
For an act to be evil, you must first perceive it, process and then conceive it as such. Then these acts are effects. They’re not causes. And by this I mean that these acts are not of Stream. Now we ask the other question again. What does it take for something, here specifically Stream, to be good or evil?	philosophy
You are a wonderful creation. You know more than you think you know, just as you know less than you want to know.	philosophy
At one time, the treatment for a certain kind of psychosis had been to push an ice pick up through the orbit of the eye, into the frontal lobe; the ice pick was then stirred around until it reduced the problematic brain tissue to non-functioning porridge.	sarcasm
People who say you are ugly, may be true, because to them, you look like a monster. People who say you are beautiful, may also be true, because to them, you look like an angel.	sarcasm
Sure, I could tell you I am no longer a lesbian or that I am no longer attracted to women and am straight, or I could even tell you the moon is made of cheese. I could tell you many things, but the moon will still not be made of cheese, and I will still not be attracted to men.	philosophy
Disobedience is the true foundation of liberty.	philosophy
"Yeah you can have a word,"" said Harry savagely. ""Good-bye."	sarcasm
It is curious that the human mind could blindly accept an infinite speed but had reservations to accept a finite one, simply because it was too large!	philosophy
Normal is over rated, and so is spelling.You want perfection? Go out and buy a spell check, but know this: Spellcheck won't keep you warm at night or love you unconditionaly. I will stick to being abnormal and a bad speller. Makes life more interesting. After all, what fun is there in being normal or perfect?	philosophy
"You didn't kill him. He would have killed you, but you didn't kill him."" ""So? He was stupid. If I killed everyone who was stupid, I wouldn't have time to sleep."	philosophy
I think, therefore a single fertilized egg cell can replicate itself into trillions of specialized and exquisitely organized cells.	philosophy
The Philosopher's Motto: I came, I saw, I pondered!	philosophy
The intellectual attainments of a man who thinks for himself resemble a fine painting, where the light and shade are correct, the tone sustained, the colour perfectly harmonised; it is true to life. On the other hand, the intellectual attainments of the mere man of learning are like a large palette, full of all sorts of colours, which at most are systematically arranged, but devoid of harmony, connection and meaning.	philosophy
...reality is always plural and mutable.	philosophy
The goal of education is to enable individuals to continue their education.	philosophy
Life: It is better not to wrap philosophy around such an inconceivable evolving beautiful mystery. If based on perception, alone; whatever the conclusion - it is still guessing.	philosophy
The logical man must either deny all miracles or none.	philosophy
It may be important to great thinkers to examine the world, to explain and despise it. But I think it is only important to love the world, not to despise it, not for us to hate each other, but to be able to regard the world and ourselves and all beings with love, admiration and respect.	philosophy
It doesn't matter how smart you are unless you stop and think.	philosophy
What is your advice to young writers?”  “Drink, fuck and smoke plenty of cigarettes.	sarcasm
Worlds 75% or more than that population doesn't know their real capabilities. Which they are born with. If anyway they realize it then this world become a great place to live.	philosophy
"I wish you'd stop desperately trying to get my attention like this,"" he said. ""It's become embarrassing."" ""Sarcasm is the last refuge of the imaginatively bankrupt,"" she told him. ""I can't help it. I use my rapier wit to hide my inner pain."	sarcasm
To the extent that in one's act of faith one participates in the truth through reason and heart, faith already implies a particular level of knowledge and of certainty.	philosophy
The state is that great fiction by which everyone tries to live at the expense of everyone else.	philosophy
Waves of hands, hesitations at street corners, someone dropping a cigarette into the gutter-all are stories. But which is the true story? That I do not know. Hence I keep my phrases hung like clothes in a cupboard, waiting for some one to wear them. Thus waiting, thus speculating, making this note and then an· other I do not cling to life. I shall be brushed like a bee from a sunflower. My philosophy, always accumulating, welling up moment by moment, runs like quicksilver a dozen ways at once.	philosophy
Give me a few minutes.” “You have time.” He sat in the grass. “Are you just going to sit there and watch me?” “Yes. Watching pretty peasant girls is what we poor little rich boys do best.” “Peasant?” He shrugged. “You started the name calling.	sarcasm
The western mind makes definitions; it draws lines.	philosophy
Because philosophy arises from awe, a philosopher is bound in his way to be a lover of myths and poetic fables. Poets and philosophers are alike in being big with wonder.	philosophy
Buy <em>Fable!</em> the book that rejuvenates your soul! makes your belly belly-laugh! turns your cares to dust!...likewise your moods, woes an wounds!...turns everything rosy, deflates spleen and bile! pocondria! not just any old work! not just any old words! <em>Fable!</em> You gotta be categorical.	sarcasm
"You know,"" Cecily said, ""you really didn't have to throw that man through the window."" ""He wasn't a man,"" Gabriel said, scowling. ""He was an Unseelie Court faerie. One of the nasty ones."" ""Is that why you chased him down the street?"" ""He had no business showing images like that to a lady,"" Gabriel muttered, though it had to be admitted that the lady in question had hardly turned a hair, and seemed more annoyed with Gabriel for his reaction than impressed by his chivalry. ""And I do think it was excessive to hurl him into the canal."" ""He'll float."" The corners of Cecily's mouth twitched. ""It was very wrong."	sarcasm
"You're Professor Mills? The new one who teaches history?""  As opposed to the old Professor Mills who preached overthrow of the government?"	sarcasm
Kim olursak olalım, dünyanın hangi yerinde yaşarsak yaşayalım, ta derinlerde bir yerde hepimiz bir eksiklik duygusu taşımaktayız. Sanki temel bir şeyimizi kaybetmişiz de geri alamamaktan korkuyoruz. Neyin eksik olduğunu bilenimizde hakikaten çok az.	philosophy
Le but n'est rien, le développement est tout. Le spectacle ne veut en venir à rien d'autre qu'à lui-même.	philosophy
Too many people get credit for being good, when they are only being passive. They are too often praised for being broadminded when they are so broadminded they can never make up their minds about anything.	philosophy
Do not go gentle into that good night, Old age should burn and rave at close of day; Rage, rage against the dying of the light.	philosophy
It is strange the way trauma deadens curiosity. To suffer cruelty in excess is to be delivered from care. The human heart sets aside its questions when the future is too capricious. This is the irony of tribulation.  To know the world will never be so bad.	philosophy
Rationalism is false not because it seeks to express reality in rational mode, so far as this possible, but because it seeks to embrace the whole of reality in the realm of reason, as if the reason coincides with the very principle of things.	philosophy
One of the things Ford Prefect had always found hardest to understand about humans was their habit of continually stating and repeating the very very obvious, as in It's a nice day, or You're very tall, or Oh dear you seem to have fallen down a thirty-foot well, are you alright? At first Ford had formed a theory to account for this strange behaviour. If human beings don't keep exercising their lips, he thought, their mouths probably seize up. After a few months' consideration and observation he abandoned this theory in favour of a new one. If they don't keep on exercising their lips, he thought, their brains start working. After a while he abandoned this one as well as being obstructively cynical.	sarcasm
that you would not anticipate misery since the evils you dread as coming upon you may perhaps never reach you at least they are not yet come Thus some things torture us more than they ought, some before they ought and some which ought never to torture us at all. We heighten our pain either by presupposing a cause or anticipation	philosophy
It's impossible to walk through solid rock... You have to walk between the molecules that make up the rock.	philosophy
Don't fear the gods, Don't worry about death; What is good is easy to get, and What is terrible is easy to endure.	philosophy
Philosophy is like wine. There are good years and bad years but, in general, the older the better.	philosophy
I used to be a mddle-of-the-road kid, but now with my freaky looks I'm definately an outsider. Hooray.	sarcasm
The theological perspective of participation actually saves the appearances by exceeding them. It recognizes that materialism and spiritualism are false alternatives, since if there is only finite matter there is not even that, and that for phenomena really to be there they must be more than there. Hence, by appealing to an eternal source for bodies, their art, language, sexual and political union, one is not ethereally taking leave of their density. On the contrary, one is insisting that behind this density resides an even greater density – beyond all contrasts of density and lightness (as beyond all contrasts of definition and limitlessness). This is to say that all there is only is because it is more than it is. (...)  This perspective should in many ways be seen as undercutting some of the contrasts between theological liberals and conservatives. The former tend to validate what they see as the modern embrace of our finitude – as language, and as erotic and aesthetically delighting bodies, and so forth. Conservatives, however, seem still to embrace a sort of nominal ethereal distancing from these realities and a disdain for them. Radical orthodoxy, by contrast, sees the historic root of the celebration of these things in participatory philosophy and incarnational theology, even if it can acknowledge that premodern tradition never took this celebration far enough. The modern apparent embrace of the finite it regards as, on inspection, illusory, since in order to stop the finite vanishing modernity must construe it as a spatial edifice bound by clear laws, rules and lattices. If, on the other hand, following the postmodern options, it embraces the flux of things, this is an empty flux both concealing and revealing an ultimate void. Hence, modernity has oscillated between puritanism (sexual or otherwise) and an entirely perverse eroticism, which is in love with death and therefore wills the death also of the erotic, and does not preserve the erotic as far as an eternal consummation. In a bizarre way, it seems that modernity does not really want what it thinks it wants; but on the other hand, in order to have what it thinks it wants, it would have to recover the theological. Thereby, of course, it would discover also that that which it desires is quite other than it has supposed	philosophy
It’s ever been the way of the man of science or philosophy. Most folks stay in the dark and then complain they can’t see nothing.” – Snipes (185)	philosophy
"How can I know for sure if it's my son speaking and not you?"" ""You never can, my lord. Just as no man can ever be sure that he alone is a thinking and feeling creature and everyone else a machine that only pretends to feel and think."	philosophy
The eye sees only what the mind is prepared to comprehend.	philosophy
Nothing, Everything, Anything, Something: If you have nothing, then you have everything, because you have the freedom to do anything, without the fear of losing something.	philosophy
The city of Leonia refashions itself every day: every morning the people wake between fresh sheets, wash with just-unwrapped cakes of soap, wear brand-new clothing, take from the latest model refrigerator still unopened tins, listening to the last-minute jingles from the most up-to-date radio. On the sidewalks, encased in spotless plastic bags, the remains of yesterday's Leonia await the garbage truck. Not only squeezed tubes of toothpaste, blown-out light bulbs, newspapers, containers, wrappings, but also boilers, encyclopedias, pianos, porcelain dinner services.  It is not so much by the things that each day are manufactured, sold, bought, that you can measure Leonia's opulence, but rather by the things that each day are thrown out to make room for the new.  So you begin to wonder if Leonia's true passion is really , as they say, the enjoyment of new things, and not, instead, the joy of expelling, discarding, cleansing itself of a recurrent impurity. The fact is that street cleaners are welcomed like angels.	sarcasm
There is not much to be got anywhere in the world. It is filled with misery and pain; if a man escapes these, boredeom lies in wait for him at every corner. Nay more; it is evil which generally has the upper hand, and folly that makes the most noise. Fate is cruel and mankind pitiable.	philosophy
Well, I must endure the presence of a few caterpillars if I wish to become acquainted with the butterflies.	philosophy
The smallest minority on earth is the individual. Those who deny individual rights cannot claim to be defenders of minorities.	philosophy
There is only one religion - it is a way a man dies.	philosophy
If the worker and his boss enjoy the same television program and visit the same resort places, if the typist is as attractively made up as the daughter of her employer, if the Negro owns a Cadillac, if they all read the same newspaper, then this assimilation indicates not the disappearance of classes, but the extent to which the needs and satisfactions that serve the preservation of the Establishment are shared by the underlying population.	philosophy
Furthermore, as the body suffers the horrors of disease and the pangs of pain, so we see the mind stabbed with anguish, grief and fear. What more natural than that it should likewise have a share in death?	philosophy
"Kalau manusia sama sekali tidak pernah merasa putus asa, kita tidak akan tahu bagian mana dari diri kita yang tak sanggup kita singkirkan. Lalu kita akan tumbuh dewasa tanpa benar-benar mengerti apa saja yang bisa membuat kita gembira. Aku bahagia karena bisa menderita"", Eriko (Kitchen)"	philosophy
Coffee Wisdom [2]  For a real man the only thing better than the scent of pussy is the smell of freshly ground coffee.	philosophy
If the moment is everthing, then everything is time.	philosophy
What's the survival value of obsessing on a sunset?	philosophy
Whole life is a search for beauty. But, when the beauty is found inside, the search ends and a beautiful journey begins.	philosophy
An apple a day keeps the doctor away.' But eating too many, is quite enough-plenty. And you'll have to go see the good doc anyway.	philosophy
Is it possible, in the final analysis, for one human being to achieve perfect understanding of another? We can invest enormous time and energy in serious efforts to know another person, but in the end, how close can we come to that person's essence? We convince ourselves that we know the other person well, but do we really know anything important about anyone?	philosophy
"There is nothing more notable in <a href=""https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/275648.Socrates"" title=""Socrates"">Socrates</a> than that he found time, when he was an old man, to learn music and dancing, and thought it time well spent."	philosophy
The church has never been asked to explain anything, our speciality, along with ballistics, has always been the neutralisation of the overly curious mind through faith.	philosophy
The danger today is in believing there are no sick people, there is only a sick society.	philosophy
"Pragmatism asks its usual question. ""Grant an idea or belief to be true,"" it says, ""what concrete difference will its being true make in anyone's actual life? How will the truth be realized? What experiences will be different from those which would obtain if the belief were false? What, in short, is the truth's cash-value in experiential terms?"	philosophy
Man is the measure of all things', said the Sophist Protagora (c. 485-410 B.C.). By that he meant that the question of whether a thing is right or wrong, good or bad, must always be considered in relation to a person's needs.	philosophy
"One of chief pieces of advice I give to aspiring rationalists is ""Don't try to be clever."" And, ""Listen to those quiet, nagging doubts."" If you don't know, you don't know what you don't know, you don't know how much you don't know, and you don't know how much you needed to know."	philosophy
Uh, yeah - how about a warm hell no to that request? Does that work for you? Because it works for me.	sarcasm
Those who know do not speak. Those who speak do not know.	philosophy
Fugly Fishmates  For every woman that looks like a hatchet-faced haddock there's an equally ugly flounder-faced man with even fewer prospects.	philosophy
Flow is the best of what happens when potential is activated by consciousness.	philosophy
Give love, take pride	philosophy
...convinced that in trying to please all, he had pleased none, and had lost his ass into the bargain.	philosophy
You are such a kind and caring man, and so sizzling hot and studly. Please, please don’t go nutty on me.	sarcasm
I never found beauty in longing for the impossible and never found the possible to be beyond my reach.	philosophy
You’ll pardon me,” he finally said, “if the suggestion that the minuscule black turnip you call a heart is suddenly overflowing with generosity toward me leaves me wanting to arm myself and put my back against a wall.	sarcasm
It is a well known fact that even among highly cultured peoples the belief in animism prevails generally. Even the scholar may kick the chair against which he accidentally stumbles, and derive great satisfaction from thus 'getting even' with the perverse chair.	philosophy
"You like them,"" I realized. Noah's eyebrows lifted in question. ""Like as people."" ""As opposed to...furniture?"" ""They're my PARENTS."" ""That is my understanding, yes."	sarcasm
At sunrise everything is luminous but not clear.	philosophy
There would be no society if living together depended upon understanding each other.	philosophy
"It's now very common to hear people say, 'I'm rather offended by that.' As if that gives them certain rights. It's actually nothing more... than a whine. 'I find that offensive.' It has no meaning; it has no purpose; it has no reason to be respected as a phrase. 'I am offended by that.' Well, so fucking what.""  [<em>I saw hate in a graveyard -- Stephen Fry</em>, The Guardian, 5 June 2005]"	sarcasm
The mythology of your culture hums in your ears so constantly that no one pays the slightest bit of attention to it. Of course man is conquering space and the atom and the deserts and the oceans and the elements. According to your mythology, this is what he was BORN to do.	philosophy
Doubt as sin. — Christianity has done its utmost to close the circle and declared even doubt to be sin. One is supposed to be cast into belief without reason, by a miracle, and from then on to swim in it as in the brightest and least ambiguous of elements: even a glance towards land, even the thought that one perhaps exists for something else as well as swimming, even the slightest impulse of our amphibious nature — is sin! And notice that all this means that the foundation of belief and all reflection on its origin is likewise excluded as sinful. What is wanted are blindness and intoxication and an eternal song over the waves in which reason has drowned.	philosophy
Justice is the first virtue of social institutions, as truth is of systems of thought. A theory however elegant and economical must be rejected or revised if it is untrue; likewise laws and institutions no matter how efficient and well-arranged must be reformed or abolished if they are unjust. Each person possesses an inviolability founded on justice that even the welfare of society as a whole cannot override. For this reason justice denies that the loss of freedom for some is made right by a greater good shared by others. It does not allow that the sacrifices imposed on a few are outweighed by the larger sum of advantages enjoyed by many. Therefore in a just society the liberties of equal citizenship are taken as settled; the rights secured by justice are not subject to political bargaining or to the calculus of social interests.	philosophy
This is the time to love. This is the time to forgive. This is the time to ponder. This is the time to wonder.	philosophy
Oh no, praying is great, without it the thumbscrews and the Iron Maiden probably never would have been invented.	sarcasm
Giving importance to what we think because we thought it, taking our own selves not only (to quote the Greek philosopher) as the measure of all things but as their norm or standard, we create in ourselves, if not an interpretation, at least a criticism of the universe, which we don't even know and therefore cannot criticize. The giddiest, most weak-minded of us then promote that criticism to an interpretation that's superimposed, like a hallucination; induced rather than deduced. It's a hallucination in the strict sense, being an illusion based on something only dimly seen.	philosophy
...if we gained only one incontestable truth every ten years from each of our philosophical writers the harvest we reaped would be sufficient.	philosophy
Grown tall, like a ruddy weed, on his food.	sarcasm
My experience with forgiveness is that it sort of comes spontaneously at a certain point and to try to force it it's not really forgiveness. It's Buddhist philosophy or something spiritual jargon that you're trying to live up to but you're just using it against yourself as a reason why you're not okay.	philosophy
his mind's like Alcatraz. once something's in, it never gets out	sarcasm
How, in such an alien and inhuman world, can so powerless a creature as man preserve his aspirations untarnished? A strange mystery it is that nature, omnipotent but blind, in the revolutions of her secular hurryings through the abysses of space, has brought forth at last a child, subject still to her power, but gifted with sight, with knowledge of good and evil, with the capacity of judging all the works of his unthinking mother. In spite of death, the mark and seal of the parental control, man is yet free, during his brief years, to examine, to criticize, to know, and in imagination to create. To him alone, in the world with which he is aquainted, this freedom belongs; and in this lies his superiority to the resistless forces that control his outward life.	philosophy
The speed felt tremendous. And the bottom of the ravine was treacherous. She ought to control her mount somehow - slow it; steer it to safer footing. Of course. And while she was at it, she ought to defeat the Alend Monarch's army, take care of Master Gilbur and the arch-Imager Vagel, and produce peace on earth. While composing great music with her free hand.  Instead of doing all that, however, she concentrated with a pure white intensity that resembled terror on simply staying in the saddle	sarcasm
It's better to have a million small religions with each one containing a great truth. Than one great religion containing a million small truths.	philosophy
From a certain point onward there is no longer any turning back.	philosophy
Dad was a philosopher and had what he called his Theory of Purpose, which held that everything in life had a purpose, and unless it achieved that purpose, it was just taking up space on the planet and wasting everybody's time.	philosophy
"Oh no. Oh God. I couldn't possibly be so stupid.""  ""Don't limit yourself. You can be anything you wish."	sarcasm
The brightest light casts the darkest shadow.	philosophy
"The real enemy"" is the totality of physical and mental constraints by which capital, or class society, or statism, or the society of the spectacle expropriates everyday life, the time of our lives. The real enemy is not an object apart from life. It is the organization of life by powers detached from it and turned against it. The apparatus, not its personnel, is the real enemy. But it is by and through the apparatchiks and everyone else participating in the system that domination and deception are made manifest. The totality is the organization of all against each and each against all. It includes all the policemen, all the social workers, all the office workers, all the nuns, all the op-ed columnists, all the drug kingpins from Medellin to Upjohn, all the syndicalists and all the situationists."	philosophy
Imprisoning philosophy within the professionalizations and specializations of an institutionalized curriculum, after the manner of our contemporary European and North American culture, is arguably a good deal more effective in neutralizing its effects than either religious censorship or political terror	philosophy
You only live twice: Once when you are born And once when you look death in the face	philosophy
You don’t like my restaurant, Miss Connor?”  “I couldn’t say since the waiting list to get in is six months long.”  One side of his mouth curved up. “This is true.”  His finger lingered, and I tried to swallow the nervous lump in my throat. “I think you can call me by my first name now, seeing as how you’re touching my boob. That puts us a little past formality, don’t you think?	sarcasm
In the pragmatist, streetwise climate of advanced postmodern capitalism, with its scepticism of big pictures and grand narratives, its hard-nosed disenchantment with the metaphysical, 'life' is one among a whole series of discredited totalities. We are invited to think small rather than big – ironically, at just the point when some of those out to destroy Western civilization are doing exactly the opposite. In the conflict between Western capitalism and radical Islam, a paucity of belief squares up to an excess of it. The West finds itself faced with a full-blooded metaphysical onslaught at just the historical point that it has, so to speak, philosophically disarmed. As far as belief goes, postmodernism prefers to travel light: it has beliefs, to be sure, but it does not have faith.	philosophy
Three metamorphoses of the spirit have I designated to you: how the spirit became a camel, the camel a lion, and the lion at last a child.	philosophy
The cops got out of the car and came straight towards me. My first thought was, <em>How hypocritical… They head straight for the kid all in black…</em>	sarcasm
Plato was a bore.	philosophy
To teach how to live without certainty, and yet without being paralyzed by hesitation, is perhaps the chief thing that philosophy, in our age, can still do for those who study it.	philosophy
Definitions are the guardians of rationality, the first line of defense against the chaos of mental disintegration.	philosophy
How could someone possibly be that beautiful? She wondered for the hundred thousandth time. What higher power orchestrated such a perfect union of genes? Who decided that one single solitary soul deserved skin like that? It was so fundamentally unfair.(Chasing Harry Winston)	philosophy
Please do not think that I am accusing socialists of insincerity or that I wish to hold them up to scorn either as bad democrats or as unprincipled schemers and opportunists. I fully believe, in spite of the childish Machiavellism in which some of their prophets indulge, that fundamentally most of them always have been as sincere in their professions as any other men. Besides, I do not believe in insincerity in social strife, for people always come to think what they want to think and what they incessantly profess. As regards democracy, socialist parties are presumably no more opportunists than are any others; they simply espouse democracy if, as, and when it serves their ideals and interests and not otherwise. Lest readers should be shocked and think so immoral a view worthy only of the most callous of political practitioners, ...	sarcasm
I know that you’re worried about me, but crushing my lungs isn’t going to help anyone.	sarcasm
To be a god can ultimately become boring and degrading. There'd be reason enough for the invention of free will! A god might wish to escape into sleep and be alive only in the unconscious projections of his dream-creatures.	philosophy
"Say this one time with me: ""Would you like that in a pump or a loafer?""... Good. Now memorize it, because starting tomorrow, the only job that you're going to be able to get is selling SHOES!"	sarcasm
Later on in life, you expect a bit of rest, don't you? You think you deserve it. I did, anyway. But then you begin to understand that the reward of merit is not life's business.	philosophy
Tourism, human circulation considered as consumption is fundamentally nothing more than the leisure of going to see what has become banal.	philosophy
Happiness can be found, even in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light.	philosophy
Ove looks at the group assembled around him, as if he's been kidnapped and taken to a parallel universe. For a moment he thinks about swerving off the road, until he realises that the worst case scenario would be that they all accompanied him into the afterlife.	sarcasm
Comparing penis sizes is a much more nuanced and sophisticated way to determine who’s right than something as clunky and uncouth as a debate.	sarcasm
Let's think the unthinkable, let's do the undoable. Let us prepare to grapple with the ineffable itself, and see if we may not eff it after all.	philosophy
You think maybe if you just work harder and faster, you can hold off the chaos, but then one day you’re changing a patio light bulb with a five-year life span and you realize how you’ll only be changing this light maybe ten more times before you’ll be dead.	philosophy
Devotion to the truth is the hallmark of morality; there is no greater, nobler, more heroic form of devotion than the act of a man who assumes the responsibility of thinking.	philosophy
You're captives of a civilizational system that more or less compels you to go on destroying the world in order to live. … You are captives—and you have made a captive of the world itself. That's what's at stake, isn't it?—your captivity and the captivity of the world.	philosophy
Time is the Mind of Space.	philosophy
It doesn't matter if the glass is half empty of half full. Just drink it while everyone is arguing about it and be thankful you had a glass with something in it!	sarcasm
If we cannot comprehend God in his visible works, how then in his inconceivable thoughts, that call the works into being?	philosophy
Neither the sun nor death can be looked at steadily.	philosophy
you can measure the size of a person by what makes him or her angry	philosophy
Silverstream: You idiot!!! What are you doing in my territory??? Graystripe:...Drowning? Silverstream: Can't you do that in your own territory? Graystripe: Ah, but who would rescue me there?	sarcasm
There are a few things that even sarcasm can't protect you from.	sarcasm
It must not be forgotten that reason too needs to be sustained in all its searching by trusting dialogue and sincere friendship. A climate of suspicion and distrust, which can beset speculative research, ignores the teaching of the ancient philosophers who proposed friendship as one of the most appropriate contexts for sound philosophical enquiry.	philosophy
Yeah, over my scattered panties, I asked him to dinner and told him to bring a friend.” - Laney	sarcasm
Are you a house-wife, Mrs Silvers?' he asked. 'What would you recommend for getting burger relish out of a white shirt?'  The seething woman cranked the venom-level of her gaze up to eleven, and Raven smiled pleasantly back.	sarcasm
If you go to Singapore or Amsterdam or Seoul or Buenos Aires or Islamabad or Johannesburg or Tampa or Istanbul or Kyoto, you'll find that the people differ wildly in the way they dress, in their marriage customs, in the holidays they observe, in their religious rituals, and so on, but they all expect the food to be under lock and key. It's all owned, and if you want some, you'll have to buy it.	philosophy
Let children read whatever they want and then talk about it with them. If parents and kids can talk together, we won't have as much censorship because we won't have as much fear.	philosophy
<strong>Egotist</strong>, n. A person of low taste, more interested in himself than in me.	sarcasm
Au milieu de l'hiver, j'ai découvert en moi un invincible été.	philosophy
Returning home is the most difficult part of long-distance hiking; You have grown outside the puzzle and your piece no longer fits.	philosophy
The rich and large corporations get richer, the CEOs earn huge compensation packages, and when things get bad, don't worry; Uncle Sam and the American taxpayers are here to bail you out. But when you are in trouble, well, we just can't afford to help you, if you are in the working class or middle class of this country.	sarcasm
The maturity of man—that means, to have reacquired the seriousness that one had as a child at play	philosophy
Your pain is the breaking of the shell that encloses your understanding... And could you keep your heart in wonder at the daily miracles of your life, your pain would not seem less wondrous than your joy	philosophy
Let education kindle only those which are truly beneficial to the human species; let it favour those alone which are really necessary to the maintenance of society. The passions of man are dangerous, only because every thing conspires to give them an evil direction.	philosophy
A text is not a text unless it hides from the first comer, from the first glance, the law of its composition and the rules of its game. A text remains, moreover, forever imperceptible. Its laws and rules are not, however, harbored in the inaccessibility of a secret; it is simply that they can never be booked, in the present, into anything that could rigorously be called a perception.	philosophy
The secret of Buddhism is to remove all ideas, all concepts, in order for the truth to have a chance to penetrate, to reveal itself.	philosophy
Philosophers' Syndrome: mistaking a failure of the imagination for an insight into necessity.	philosophy
"Thomas Jefferson, that owner of many slaves, chose to begin the Declaration of Independence by directly contradicting the moral basis of slavery, writing ""we hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, and that they are endowed by their Creator with certain inalienable Rights ..."" thus undercutting simultaneously any argument that Africans were racially inferior, and also that they or their ancestors could ever have been justly and legally deprived of their freedom. In doing so, however, he did not propose some radically new conception of rights and liberties. Neither have subsequent political philosophers. For the most part, we've just kept the old ones, but with the word ""not"" inserted here and there. Most of our most precious rights and freedoms are a series of exceptions to an overall moral and legal framework that suggests we shouldn't really have them in the first place."	philosophy
I'm so well-rounded I'm almost spherical.	sarcasm
Oh. I get it now. God had Nader beat my ass and my mom leave my dad just so Jodi could learn how to chop onions and use a propane grill. Great. Awesome.	sarcasm
Wrong Number [10w]  There is no such thing as dialing a wrong number.	philosophy
In philosophy it is always good to put a question instead of an answer to a question. For an answer to the philosophical question may easily be unfair; disposing of it by means of another question is not.	philosophy
I believe in political solutions to political problems. But man's primary problems aren't political; they're philosophical. Until humans can solve their philosophical problems, they're condemned to solve their political problems over and over and over again. It's a cruel, repetitious bore.	philosophy
Gaze upon others with eyes of love.	philosophy
He suddenly recalled from Plato's Symposium: People were hermaphrodites until God split then in two, and now all the halves wander the world over seeking one another. Love is the longing for the half of ourselves we have lost.	philosophy
So, when on one side you hoist in Locke's head, you go over that way; but now, on the other side, hoist in Kant's and you come back again; but in very poor plight. Thus, some minds for ever keep trimming boat. Oh, ye foolish! throw all these thunder-heads overboard, and then you will float light and right.	philosophy
Make a spurious division of one process into two, forget that you have done it, and then puzzle for centuries as to how the two get together.	philosophy
Only by showing the world the cataclysmic cost of a world divided can it appreciate the wonders of life and endless possibilities of a world united.	philosophy
He who says either that the time for philosophy has not yet come or that it has passed is like someone who says that the time for happiness has not yet come or that it has passed.	philosophy
There is ascension to potential that Plato couldn’t conceive while prescribing idealism to conception as highest existences. With Streams, there isn’t a difference between ideas and instantiations. They are both authenticated within all possibilities in Stream, within the Primal Cause as ordered. Ideas as ordered constructs in consciousness, instantiations as ordered effects.  Instantiations for instance are ordered products from ideas. Ideas are ordered constructs in consciousness. And in authentication, they are the same as external effects.	philosophy
There is until there isn’t. That’s just the way it is. Until it isn’t.	philosophy
To be a philosopher is not merely to have subtle thoughts, nor even to found a school, but so to love wisdom as to live according to its dictates, a life of simplicity, independence, magnanimity and trust.	philosophy
The only freedom which deserves the name, is that of pursuing our own good in our own way, so long as we do not attempt to deprive others of theirs, or impede their efforts to obtain it.	philosophy
It's not all bad. Heightened self-consciousness, apartness, an inability to join in, physical shame and self-loathing—they are not all bad. Those devils have been my angels. Without them I would never have disappeared into language, literature, the mind, laughter and all the mad intensities that made and unmade me.	philosophy
If we look through the aperture which we have opened up onto the absolute, what we see there is a rather menacing power--something insensible, and capable of destroying both things and worlds, of bringing forth monstrous absurdities, yet also of never doing anything, of realizing every dream, but also every nightmare, of engendering random and frenetic transformations, or conversely, of producing a universe that remains motionless down to its ultimate recesses, like a cloud bearing the fiercest storms, then the eeriest bright spells, if only for an interval of disquieting calm. We see an omnipotence equal to that of the Cartesian God, and capable of anything, even the inconceivable; but an omnipotence that has become autonomous, without norms, blind, devoid of the other divine perfections, a power with neither goodness nor wisdom, ill-disposed to reassure thought about the veracity of its distinct ideas. We see something akin to Time, but a Time that is inconceivable for physics, since it is capable of destroying without cause or reason, every physical law, just as it is inconceivable for metaphysics, since it is capable of destroying every determinate entity, even a god, even God. This is not a Heraclitean time, since it is not the eternal law of becoming, but rather the eternal and lawless possible becoming of every law. It is a Time capable of destroying even becoming itself by bringing forth, perhaps forever, fixity, stasis, and death.	philosophy
While the Clave disapproves of trespassers, oddly they take an even darker view of beheading and skinning people. They're peculiar that way.	sarcasm
Diese jungen Menschen hatten keine Wünsche, keine Überzeugungen, geschweige denn Ideale, sie strebten keinen bestimmten Beruf an, wollten weder politischen Einfluss noch eine glückliche Familie, keine Kinder, keine Hausiere und keine Heimat, und sehnten sich ebenso wenig nach Abenteuern und Revolten wie nach der Ruhe und dem Frieden des Althergebrachten. Überdies hatten sie aufgehört, Spaß als einen Wert zu betrachten. Freizeit und Nichtfreizeit waren gleichermaßen anstrengend und unterschieden sich in erster Linie durch die Frage, ob man Geld verdiente oder ausgab. Hobbys zum Totschlagen der Zeit waren überflüssig, da die Zeit auch von selbst verging. Fernsehen war langweilig, die Literaturszene tot, und im Kino liefen seit Jahren nur Varianten auf drei oder vier verschiedener Filme. Diskotheken waren etwas für Liebhaber von Dummheit und schlechter Musik, und auf Schostakowitsch konnte man nicht tanzen. Diese Jugend hatte aufgehört, sich für industriell geschneiderte Moden, Identitäten, Heldenfiguren und Feindbilder zu interessieren. Weniger als jede Generation vor ihrer bildete sie eine Generation. Sie war einfach da, die Sippschaft eines interimistischen Zeitalters.	philosophy
Even English Language doesn't provide you with the Synonyms of the word Success.	philosophy
Light in comparison with darkness is a void.	philosophy
Young people, nowadays, imagine that money is everything.  Yes, murmured Lord Henry, settling his button-hole in his coat; and when they grow older they know it.	sarcasm
He was free, free in every way, free to behave like a fool or a machine, free to accept, free to refuse, free to equivocate; to marry, to give up the game, to drag this death weight about with him for years to come. He could do what he liked, no one had the right to advise him, there would be for him no Good or Evil unless he thought them into being.	philosophy
Good-humor is a philosophic state of mind; it seems to say to Nature that we take her no more seriously than she takes us. I maintain that one should always talk of philosophy with a smile.	philosophy
It’s a good thing that the sheep are all so law abiding	sarcasm
I'll follow you, even to death—but I won't live with you any more.	philosophy
Lo que sabemos es una gota de agua; lo que ignoramos es un océano.	philosophy
Dubium sapientiae initium. (<em>Doubt is the origin of wisdom</em>.)	philosophy
Know thyself? If I knew myself, I'd run away.	philosophy
In my youth, I was always one for the dramatic entrance. Now, in keeping with my character, I gravitate more toward the subtle and refined. Okay, with the occasional feathered serpent thrown in.	sarcasm
A writer always writes.	philosophy
There are no ordinary moments.	philosophy
Music is ... A higher revelation than all Wisdom &amp; Philosophy	philosophy
There is a truth in Schopenhauer’s view that philosophy is an organism, and that a book on philosophy, with a beginning and end, is a sort of contradiction. ... In philosophy matters are not simple enough for us to say ‘Let’s get a rough idea’, for we do not know the country except by knowing the connections between the roads.	philosophy
[A]ny species that exempts itself from the rules of competition ends up destroying the community in order to support its own expansion.	philosophy
The best ship, the best culture, the best knowledge, is the one which allows us to go farther, explore more territories or oceans of reality, and have the least damaging leaks possible.	philosophy
Ama bardağımın dibinde biram ılıksa, aynada koyu renkli lekeler varsa, fazlalıksam; en içten ve en katışıksız acım, ayıbalığı gibi, hem bir yığın et hem gepgeniş bir deriyle ve insanın içine dokunan ıslak, ama kötülük dolu gözlerle sürüklenip hantallaşıyorsa bu benim kabahatim mi?	philosophy
Stand in the divine rain, and seeds of wisdom will grow in your soul.	philosophy
He must not merely cling to life, for then he will be a coward, and will not escape. He must not merely wait for death, for then he will be a suicide, and will not escape. He must seek his life in a spirit of furious indifference to it.	philosophy
Anyone who fights for the future, lives in it today.	philosophy
If you're trapped in the dream of the Other, you're fucked.	philosophy
To love is good, too: love being difficult. For one human being to love another: that is perhaps the most difficult of all our tasks, the ultimate, the last test and proof, the work for which all other work is but preparation...Love is a high inducement to the individual to ripen, to become something in himself, to become world for himself for another's sake, it is a great exacting claim upon him, something that chooses him out and calls him to vast things.	philosophy
Education is a never ending light that enlightens our path of life.	philosophy
According to the Buddha's teaching the beginning of the life-stream of living beings is unthinkable. THe believer in the creation of life by God may be astonished at this reply. But if you were to ask him 'What is the beginning of God?' he would answer without hesitation 'God has no beginning', and he is not astonished at his own reply.	philosophy
Foreknowledge cannot be gotten from ghosts and spirits, cannot be had by analogy, cannot be found out by calculation. It must be obtained from people, people who know the conditions of the enemy.	philosophy
In presence of the Moon nobody sees stars.	philosophy
I consider it an extremely dangerous doctrine, because the more likely we are to assume that the solution comes from the outside, the less likely we are to solve our problems ourselves.	philosophy
Twenty-three stories up and all I could see out the windows was grey smog. They could call it the City of the Angels if they wanted to, but if there were angels out there, they had to be flying blind.	sarcasm
There ain't no such thing as a free lunch.	philosophy
"I was planning to end this phase after a few weeks, but after one particular meeting, the lead advisor asked me not to come back. She said she'd noticed that every time I was asked to give a suggestion about an ex-husband to a grieving divorcee, I always said, ""You should have him murdered."	sarcasm
Despair is typical of those who do not understand the causes of evil, see no way out, and are incapable of struggle.	philosophy
"Yes, I was standing on nothing but congealed starlight. Yes, I was walking up through a savage storm, the wind threatening to tear me off and throw me into the freezing waters of Lake Michigan far below. Yes, I was using a legendary and enchanted means of travel to transcend the border between one dimension and the next, and on my way to an epic struggle between ancient and elemental forces. But all i could think to say, between panting breaths, was, ""Yeah. Sure. They couldn't possibly have made this an escalator."	sarcasm
The inner revolution will not be televised or sold on the Internet. It must take place within one's own mind and heart.	philosophy
Nu pot fi eu insumi decat daca ma inalt pana la furie sau cobor pana la descurajare: la nivelul meu obisnuit, ignor faptul ca exist.	philosophy
If time is precious, no book that will not improve by repeated readings deserves to be read at all.	philosophy
Entertainment is temporary happiness, but the real happiness is permanent entertainment.	philosophy
It means 'Shadowhunters: Looking Better in Black Than the Widows of our Enemies Since 1234'.	sarcasm
It's not hard to fail...it's hard to accept you failed...but once that's out of the way, it's pretty smooth sailing	sarcasm
There is nothing more unequal than the equal treatment of unequal people.	philosophy
If by any chance a playwright wishes to express a political opinion or a moral opinion or a philosophy, he must be a good enough craftsman to do it with so much spice of entertainment in it that the public get the message without being aware of it.	philosophy
For Christians . . . an unreflective faith is not possible if we take seriously the injunction to love God with the mind as well as the heart and soul.	philosophy
I was within and without, simultaneously enchanted and repelled by the inexhaustible variety of life.	philosophy
A miracle is often the willingness to see the common in an uncommon way.	philosophy
"They say sarcasm is the lowest form of wit,"" Valkyrie said.   China glanced at her. ""They've obviously never met me."	sarcasm
True education should enhance the power of the imagination.	philosophy
I have learned to be a friend to myself Great improvement this indeed Such a one can never be said to be alone for know that he who is a friend to himself is a friend to all mankind	philosophy
"Calvin:""It says here that 'religion is the opiate of the masses.'...what do you suppose that means?"" Television: ""...it means that Karl Marx hadn't seen anything yet"	philosophy
Mr. Trask, do you think the thoughts of people suddenly become important at a given age? Do you have sharper feelings or clearer thoughts now than when you were ten? Do you see as well, hear as well, taste as vitally?	philosophy
The universe is a philosophical abyss.	philosophy
Those who lack the courage will always find a philosophy to justify it.	philosophy
An attempt to achieve the good by force is like an attempt to provide a man with a picture gallery at the price of cutting out his eyes.	philosophy
If you only had 48 hours left to live, would you spend it like you normally spend your weekends? If not, why spend 2/7th of your life wasting your free time? After all, free time isn’t free. Free time is the most expensive time you have, because nobody pays for it but you. But that also makes it the most valuable time you have, as you alone stand to reap the profits from spending it wisely.	philosophy
Un-winged and naked, sorrow surrenders its crown to a throne called grace.	philosophy
Such polite manners for an armed man who was kidnapping me. Danilo could take a few lessons from him.	sarcasm
Don’t make me climb across this desk and slap you, because I will.	sarcasm
If everyone is a product of this society, who will say the things that need to be said, and do the things that need to be done, without compromise? Truth will never start out popular in a world more concerned with marketability than righteousness. It will initially suffer ridicule and even violence- yet ultimately it is undeniable. All of humanity is living in a dream world, but suffering real consequences.	philosophy
I think to think. Not to be thought-full, or to reach a point of wisdom or acquire a grace of knowledge. I think for the sensuality of thought.	philosophy
If I could put it into a very few words, dear sir, I should say that our prevalent belief is in moderation. We inculcate the virtue of avoiding excesses of all kinds—even including, if you will pardon the paradox, excess of virtue itself.	philosophy
The first and most important thing an individual can do is to become an individual again, decontrol himself, train himself as to what is going on and win back as much independent ground for himself as possible	philosophy
Rockabye Baby, in the treetop Dont you know a treetop is no safe place to rock? And who put you up there, and your cradle too? Baby, I think someone down here has got it in for you!	philosophy
Kei: Is there anything else you need while I'm here, Your Highness? Cabot: No, but you can leave the sarcasm in there.	sarcasm
Are you suggesting I’m working with the zombies? That I paid them to pretend to attack me so that I’d trick you into letting me join you?”“Did you?” Mr. Holland demanded.“Yeah, okay,” I said in a sugar-sweet tone. “You’re right. I was having dinner with Zombie Carl the other night. You know, steaks, rare, and a bottle of vintage type A. He told me all his secrets, but too bad for you I promised him I wouldn’t tell. In exchange I asked him to gather his best undead buddies and stalk me through my friend’s yard. And oh, yeah, it was totally fine if they wanted to use me as an all-night dinner buffet, because having organs is so last season.	sarcasm
Faith is not belief in spite of evidence but a life in scorn of the consequences.	philosophy
That's not a bad word...hate and war are bad words, but fuck isn't.	philosophy
The words, I love you, are empty without clarification. Women prefer to be told what they can expect. It is measurable like a Weight Watcher’s diet, with extra points at the end of the week if you don’t cheat.	sarcasm
Cinema is the ultimate pervert art. It doesn't give you what you desire - it tells you how to desire.	philosophy
Muhabbat apni marzi se khulay pinjray main totay ki tarha bethnay ki salaahiyat hai. Muhabbat is ghulami ka toq hai jo insaan khud apnay ekhtyar se galay main dalta hai	philosophy
Education is the true gift of love that can eradicate the poverty of a nation.	philosophy
Poetry and art nourish the soul of the world with the flavor-filled substances of beauty, wisdom and truth.	philosophy
Material wealth can be bad for your health. Because when you’re in the soil it’ll make your blood boil, that you couldn’t keep it all for your self.	philosophy
You're not to be so blind with patriotism that you can't face reality. Wrong is wrong, no matter who does it or says it.	philosophy
"I realize you're planning on fighting all the dragons single-handedly-"" ""I'm going to protect you from John, dammit. Show him that he can't fucking mess with you. This is about territory."" Tom narrowed his eyes. ""Are you going to piss a circle around me too?"" ""If that's what it takes."	sarcasm
I believe that a scientist looking at nonscientific problems is just as dumb as the next guy.	philosophy
I care for no man on earth, and no man on earth cares for me.	philosophy
Yes, heaven forbid I not be protected from tanks.	sarcasm
Пустинните бурени оцеляват, а пролетното цвете разцъфва и повяхва.	philosophy
Question the answers, I repeated every class. Reevaluate your conclusions when the evidence changes.	philosophy
He felt that such a life in which one could display such sarcasm and wit was after all to a certain degree worth living.	sarcasm
"They were shot with a shotgun and put in garbage bags and thrown under a bridge,"" Shrake said. ""If it wasn't murder, it was a really weird accident."	sarcasm
We must think beyond ourselves	philosophy
If your dreams seem to be drifting away, wake up!	philosophy
Leap of Faith [10w]  Seeing God within is where the leap of faith lands.	philosophy
Nobody understands the nature of the Church, or the ringing note of the creed descending from antiquity, who does not realize that the whole world once very nearly died of broadmindedness and the brotherhood of all religions.	philosophy
Thought's a luxury. Do you think the peasant sits and thinks of God and Democracy when he gets inside his mud hut at night?	philosophy
Manlius ... took care in his invitations, actively sought to exclude from his circle crude and vulgar men like Caius Valerius. But they were all around; it was Manlius who lived in a dream world, and his bubble of civility was becoming smaller and smaller. Caius Valerius, powerful member of a powerful family, had never even heard of Plato. A hundred, even fifty years before, such an absurdity would have been inconceivable. Now it was surprising if such a man did know anything of philosophy, and even if it was explained, he would not wish to understand.	philosophy
The treacherous are ever distrustful.	philosophy
This is why they started us here so young: to give ourselves away before the age when the questions 'why' and 'to what' grow real beaks and claws.	philosophy
All statistics have outliers.	philosophy
The man who alters his way of thinking to suit others is a fool.	philosophy
Children are like sponges; they start to smell after a little while.	philosophy
What is humor?' one of their professors had posed, and he had answered, ''nondangerous, unexpectedly inappropriate juxtaposition.	philosophy
"This is considered almost holy work by farmers and ranchers. Kill off everything you can't eat. Kill off anything that eats what you eat. Kill off anything that doesn't feed what you eat.""  ""It IS holy work, in Taker culture. The more competitors you destroy, the more humans you can bring into the world, and that makes it just about the holiest work there is. Once you exempt yourself from the law of limited competition, everything in the world except your food and the food of your food becomes an enemy to be exterminated."	philosophy
Treat everyone you meet as if they were you.	philosophy
A modern philosopher who has never once suspected himself of being a charlatan must be such a shallow mind that his work is probably not worth reading.	philosophy
A culture is made — or destroyed — by its articulate voices.	philosophy
"MacMillian groaned again, and sat up. ""Clients?"" ""Yeah. You know, people who'll give us money in exchange for work."	sarcasm
Love is patient; love is kind and envies no one. Love is never boastful, nor conceited, nor rude; never selfish, not quick to take offense. Love keeps no score of wrongs; does not gloat over other men's sins, but delights in the truth. There is nothing love cannot face; there is no limit to its faith, its hope, and endurance. [....] In a word, there are three things that last forever: faith, hope, and love; but the greatest of them all is love.	philosophy
You are quite possibly the least smooth guy I know,” she mumbled. “You can’t even put your arm around me without tripping up.	sarcasm
Whoever cannot seek the unforeseen sees nothing for the known way is an impasse.	philosophy
Our actions are guaranteed to affect others. Because we are not alone in this world, much of our learning about ourselves comes from our interaction with others. Our relationships are our teachers. We learn from each other.	philosophy
We never realize just how many other lives we can help when their paths cross our own.	philosophy
This was met with a long pause. “Are you really left-handed?” Mr. Marshall asked. “No. I’ve just been pretending to use my left hand my entire life because I enjoy never being able to work scissors properly.	sarcasm
Do you see the slightest evidence anywhere in the universe that creation came to an end with the birth of man? Do you see the slightest evidence anywhere out there that man was the climax toward which creation had been straining from the beginning? ...Very far from it. The universe went on as before, the planet went on as before. Man's appearance caused no more stir than the appearance of jellyfish.	philosophy
When she saw me, my mother stood up and started to come toward me, but then stopped. I think maybe Cat Poop had told her not to make any sudden movements because they might scare me, like I’m a wild animal or something, because she kept looking at him and then at me. Finally she just said, “Hello, Jeff,” and sat down again next to my father.	sarcasm
If you believed in Christianity or Islam it was called 'faith', but if you believed in astrology or friday the thirteenth it was Superstition!	philosophy
I didn’t intend it to come out sarcastically, but I guess that’s just where my tone of voice automatically goes these days.	sarcasm
Why can't these American women stay in their own country? They are always telling us that it is the paradise for women.  It is. That is the reason why, like Eve, they are so excessively anxious to get out of it.	sarcasm
"How many kids are in the Graveyard?"" ""A bunch."" ""Who sends your supplies?"" ""George Washington. Or is it Abraham Lincoln? I forget."" ""How often do you receive new arrivals?"" ""About as often as you beat your wife."	sarcasm
"The Death Mist is not for helping!"" Akhlys shrieked. ""It shrouds mortals in misery as their souls pass into the Underworld. It is the very breath of Tartarus, of death, of despair!"" ""Awesome,"" Percy said. ""Could we get two orders of that to go?"	sarcasm
The statement ‘There is nothing more American than an Indian’ happens to be a multidimensional paradox. Try and not say too many of those. That might open your mind to ideas that could cause sanity point loss.	philosophy
If you cannot find an element of Humour in something, your not taking it seriously enough.	philosophy
"Don't tell me,"" Jace said, ""Simon's turned himself into an ocelot and you want me to do something about it before Isabelle makes him into a stole. Well, you'll have have to wait till tomorrow. I'm out of commission."" He pointed at himself - he was wearing blue pajamas with a hole in the sleeve. ""Look. Jammies."" ""Jace,"" Clary said, ""this is important."" ""Don't tell me,"" he said. ""You've got a drawing emergency. You need a nude model. Well, I'm not in the mood. You could always ask Hodge,"" he said as an afterthought. ""I hear he'll do anything for a -"" ""JACE!"" she interrupted him, her voice rising to a scream. ""JUST SHUT UP FOR A SECOND AND LISTEN, WILL YOU?"	sarcasm
It’s the poet we love in Caeiro, not the philosopher. What we really get from these poems is a childlike sense of life, with all the direct materiality of the child’s mind, and all the vital spirituality of hope and increase that exist in the body and soul of nescient childhood. Caeiro’s work is a dawn that wakes us up and quickens us; a more that material, more than anti-spiritual dawn. It’s an abstract effect, pure vacuum, nothingness.	philosophy
Life is a complex with real and imaginary parts	philosophy
An over examination of life can deter you from life itself	philosophy
If your career doesn’t work out, write a book about it.	sarcasm
You know, I think that only if one feels immensely important can one feel truly light.	philosophy
We look for the Secret - the Philosopher's Stone, the Elixir of the Wise, Supreme Enlightenment, 'God' or whatever...and all the time it is carrying us about...It is the human nervous system itself.	philosophy
In this age, the mere example of non-conformity, the mere refusal to bend the knee to custom, is itself a service. Precisely because the tyranny of opinion is such as to make eccentricity a reproach, it is desirable, in order to break through that tyranny, that people should be eccentric. Eccentricity has always abounded when and where strength of character has abounded; and the amount of eccentricity in a society has generally been proportional to the amount of genius, mental vigor, and moral courage which it contained. That so few now dare to be eccentric, marks the chief danger of the time.	philosophy
"Sebastian just smiled. “I could hear your heart beating,” he said softly. “When you were watching me with Valentine. Did it bother you?” “That you seem to be dating my dad?” Jace shrugged. ""You’re a little young for him, to be honest.” “What?” For the first time since Jace had met him, Sebastian seemed flabbergasted."	sarcasm
Other people are only aspects of our own greater being.	philosophy
The standard clauses of the American dream only included two weeks of vacation a year.	sarcasm
To recognize untruth as a condition of life--that certainly means resisting accustomed value feelings in a dangerous way; and a philosophy that risks this would by that token alone place itself beyond good and evil.	philosophy
Today the aggressor is the shepherd of peace, and the beaten and hunted are the troublemakers of the world. What's more, there are whole races who believe it!	philosophy
Ohne Hast, aber ohne Rast. - Without haste, but without rest.	philosophy
Aww, did we masturbate through the tears last night?	sarcasm
I’m not superstitious. I’m a witch. Witches aren’t superstitious. We are what people are superstitious of.	philosophy
Everything smaller than Heaven bores us because only Heaven is bigger than our hearts.	philosophy
If you win, you need not have to explain...If you lose, you should not be there to explain!	philosophy
I am my own clone. I’m not who I was yesterday, but then again I am.	philosophy
Settle, for sure and universally, what conduct will promote the happiness of a rational being.	philosophy
In general, I try and distinguish between what one calls the Future and “l’avenir” [the ‘to come]. The future is that which – tomorrow, later, next century – will be. There is a future which is predictable, programmed, scheduled, foreseeable. But there is a future, l’avenir (to come) which refers to someone who comes whose arrival is totally unexpected. For me, that is the real future. That which is totally unpredictable. The Other who comes without my being able to anticipate their arrival. So if there is a real future, beyond the other known future, it is l’avenir in that it is the coming of the Other when I am completely unable to foresee their arrival.	philosophy
If you say ‘we’re in this together,’ I’m going to hurl.	sarcasm
To theology, ... only what it holds sacred is true, whereas to philosophy, only what holds true is sacred.	philosophy
For every expert there is an equal and opposite expert.	philosophy
It isn't what you have, or who you are, or where you are, or what you are doing that makes you happy or unhappy. It is what you think about.	philosophy
It's not about whether or not someone is a bigot, but whether or not the argument which that someone is arguing is worth being a bigot about.	philosophy
Hope does not leave without being given permission.	philosophy
I bet she thought she was getting into a fight with a vanilla wafer on roller skates but little did she know she was getting into a fight with a spider sandwich.	sarcasm
Now that I’m 33.3 years old, the days of blue and green are behind me. I have left the earthy and entered into the purple phase of my life.	philosophy
I am dead because I lack desire, I lack desire because I think I possess. I think I possess because I do not try to give. In trying to give, you see that you have nothing;Seeing that you have nothing, you try to give of yourself; Trying to give of yourself, you see that you are nothing:Seeing that you are nothing, you desire to become; In desiring to become, you begin to live.	philosophy
Staring at a world too horrible to comprehend, believing -- by dint of ignorance and innocence -- that beneath this unbearable contract of guilt and blame there is always an older contract that may bind and release in a more salutary way.	philosophy
I'm as lucky as a bed of oysters on cioppino night.	sarcasm
I don’t know what’s worse: to not know what you are and be happy, or to become what you’ve always wanted to be, and feel alone.	philosophy
It is easy in the world to live after the world's opinion; it is easy in solitude to live after our own; but the great man is he who in the midst of the crowd keeps with perfect sweetness the independence of solitude.	philosophy
I have no desire for others to take it on themselves to analyze my thoughts. I am without thoughts. I have never, not even once, acted on the basis of any doctrine or philosophy.I am convinced that those people whom the world considers good and respects are all liars and fakes. I do not trust the world.	philosophy
But this wealth of information produced little or no insight.	philosophy
Aphorism, <em>n.</em> Predigested wisdom.	sarcasm
Dear Karma, I really hate you right now, you made your point.	sarcasm
I knew I was alone in a way that no earthling has ever been before.	philosophy
"Fear no more,"" said Clarissa. Fear no more the heat o' the sun; for the shock of Lady Bruton asking Richard to lunch without her made the moment in which she had stood shiver, as a plant on the river-bed feels the shock of a passing oar and shivers: so she rocked: so she shivered.  Millicent Bruton, whose lunch parties were said to be extraordinarily amusing, had not asked her. No vulgar jealousy could separate her from Richard. But she feared time itself, and read on Lady Bruton's face, as if it had been a dial cut in impassive stone, the dwindling of life; how year by year her share was sliced; how little the margin that remained was capable any longer of stretching, of absorbing, as in the youthful years, the colours, salts, tones of existence, so that she filled the room she entered, and felt often as she stood hesitating one moment on the threshold of her drawing-room, an exquisite suspense, such as might stay a diver before plunging while the sea darkens and brightens beneath him, and the waves which threaten to break, but only gently split their surface, roll and conceal and encrust as they just turn over the weeds with pearl."	philosophy
You are not getting older; you are getting wiser.	philosophy
As a philosopher, if I were speaking to a purely philosophic audience I should say that I ought to describe myself as an Agnostic, because I do not think that there is a conclusive argument by which one can prove that there is not a God. On the other hand, if I am to convey the right impression to the ordinary man in the street I think that I ought to say that I am an Atheist, because, when I say that I cannot prove that there is not a God, I ought to add equally that I cannot prove that there are not the Homeric gods.	philosophy
The slope contains many wonders not found at the summit.	philosophy
Enormous? Did you just call me FAT? I am not fat. - Jace	sarcasm
Not how the world is, but that it is, is the mystery.	philosophy
If you've a notion of what man's heart is, wouldn't you say that maybe the whole effort of man on earth to build a civilization is simply man's frantic and frightened attempt to hide himself from himself? That there is a part of man that man wants to reject? That man wants to keep from knowing what he is? That he wants to protect himself from seeing that he is something awful? And that this 'awful' part of himself might not be as awful as he thinks, but he finds it too strange and he does not know what to do with it? We talk about what to do with the atom bomb...But man's heart, his spirit is the deadliest thing in creation. Are not all cultures and civilizations just screens which men have used to divide themselves, to put between that part of themselves which they are afraid of and that part of themselves which they wish, in their deep timidity, to try to preserve? Are not all of man's efforts at order an attempt to still man's fear of himself?	philosophy
The symbolism of meat-eating is never neutral. To himself, the meat-eater seems to be eating life. To the vegetarian, he seems to be eating death. There is a kind of gestalt-shift between the two positions which makes it hard to change, and hard to raise questions on the matter at all without becoming embattled.	philosophy
If those at your top are weak, your bottom will be rotten	philosophy
You really want my honest opinion?” I ask.  Anton gestures for me to go on. “Please, this is why I hired you, devochka.”  I detect a little hint of sarcasm, but I go ahead and say, “I hate restaurants like this.”  “Why?” He seems genuinely curious to know why.  “Because—because they’re expensive.”  “What is the problem? I’m paying for everything.”  I shake my head. “It’s not that—you see,” I lower my voice, “ this is where famous people eat.”  “Famous?” Anton pretends to look around. “Where?”  “I think that’s the guy from that prank show. And there’s that guy from those vampire movies. And Maya Findlay.”  “Yeah? I don’t know who they are.”  “Really?” I ask dubiously.  “I’m not into the famous people thing too.”  “Really.”  “Yes.”  “Which is why you only date models who want to become actresses.” I notice him giving me a look. “Sorry,” I say sheepishly.	sarcasm
The aim of science is to seek the simplest explanations of complex facts. We are apt to fall into the error of thinking that the facts are simple because simplicity is the goal of our quest. The guiding motto in the life of every natural philosopher should be, 'Seek simplicity and distrust it.	philosophy
A sin is nothing more than regret. Not for doing it once, but doing it again when you know you’re going to regret it.	philosophy
This place has only three exits, sir: Madness, and Death.	philosophy
I see things in windows and I say to myself that I want them. I want them because I want to belong. I want to be liked by more people, I want to be held in higher regard than others. I want to feel valued, so I say to myself to watch certain shows. I watch certain shows on the television so I can participate in dialogues and conversations and debates with people who want the same things I want. I want to dress a certain way so certain groups of people are forced to be attracted to me. I want to do my hair a certain way with certain styling products and particular combs and methods so that I can fit in with the In-Crowd. I want to spend hours upon hours at the gym, stuffing my body with what scientists are calling 'superfoods', so that I can be loved and envied by everyone around me. I want to become an icon on someone's mantle. I want to work meaningless jobs so that I can fill my wallet and parentally-advised bank accounts with monetary potential. I want to believe what's on the news so that I can feel normal along with the rest of forever. I want to listen to the Top Ten on Q102, and roll my windows down so others can hear it and see that I am listening to it, and enjoying it. I want to go to church every Sunday, and pray every other day. I want to believe that what I do is for the promise of a peaceful afterlife. I want rewards for my 'good' deeds. I want acknowledgment and praise. And I want people to know that I put out that fire. I want people to know that I support the war effort. I want people to know that I volunteer to save lives. I want to be seen and heard and pointed at with love. I want to read my name in the history books during a future full of clones exactly like me.   The mirror, I've noticed, is almost always positioned above the sink. Though the sink offers more depth than a mirror, and mirror is only able to reflect, the sink is held in lower regard. Lower still is the toilet, and thought it offers even more depth than the sink, we piss and shit in it. I want these kind of architectural details to be paralleled in my every day life. I want to care more about my reflection, and less about my cleanliness. I want to be seen as someone who lives externally, and never internally, unless I am able to lock the door behind me.   I want these things, because if I didn't, I would be dead in the mirrors of those around me. I would be nothing. I would be an example. Sunken, and easily washed away.	philosophy
Virtue comes through contemplation of the divine, and the exercise of philosophy. But it also comes through public service. The one is incomplete without the other. Power without wisdom is tyranny; wisdom without power is pointless.	philosophy
The principle of democracy is a recognition of the sovereign, inalienable rights of man as a gift from God, the Source of law.	philosophy
All these years of thinking, ending up like this: In front of all this beauty, understanding nothing.	philosophy
I am in full possession of the amazing power of being sarcastic.	sarcasm
Don't appreciate me, I'm not up to it. Don't criticize me, I don't deserve it. Just be my friend and forgive me, because I am craving for it.	philosophy
That is why enemies can be great motivators. They serve as fuel for your fire.	philosophy
The sole remaining task for philosophy is the analysis of language.	philosophy
Whatever crimes this man had committed, they weren't as egregious as his inflated self-image.	sarcasm
A record number of Americans need jobs. Hey, let’s start WWIII and create full employment for all. I should start selling coffins. Buy yours today before it’s too late.	sarcasm
In mathematics or physics, infinity is greater than one or two or any number countable. In how many ways can the world be destroyed based on ordered knowledge? You may be able to count this. But the truth is, you “really” don’t know. These possibilities in your mind hold a set of unpredictable orders. One effect may be causative of another of another. It could be a culmination of effects you know as events where events are sets and subsets of potential possibilities.  In how many ways can the world be destroyed based on unordered possibilities?	philosophy
What was up with class today? It was watered-down porn. He practically had you and Patch on top of your lab table, horizontal, minus your clothes, doing the Big Deed.	sarcasm
No one species shall make the life of the world its own.' … That's one expression of the law. Here's another: 'The world was not made for any one species.	philosophy
All My Bitches Are Mad At Me Right Now.	sarcasm
He explained civilization to me. I mean how it looks to him. He's going to let it go on a little while longer. But it better be careful and not interfere with his private life. If it does, he's apt to make a phone call to God and cancel the order.	sarcasm
Dance like it hurts. Love like you need money. Work when people are watching. -- Dogbert's Motto	philosophy
Maybe I should have gone into politics. If you were a political activist, election season brought moments of intensity, whichever side you were on, and meanwhile here I was inarguably withering away,	philosophy
The sarcastic little know-it-all needs help, does he?	sarcasm
Izzi: Remember Moses Morales?  Tom Verde: Who?  Izzi: The Mayan guide I told you about.  Tom Verde: From your trip.  Izzi: Yeah. The last night I was with him, he told me about his father, who had died. Well Moses wouldn't believe it.  Tom Verde: Izzi...  Izzi: [embraces Tom] No, no. Listen, listen. He said that if they dug his father's body up, it would be gone. They planted a seed over his grave. The seed became a tree. Moses said his father became a part of that tree. He grew into the wood, into the bloom. And when a sparrow ate the tree's fruit, his father flew with the birds. He said... death was his father's road to awe. That's what he called it. The road to awe. Now, I've been trying to write the last chapter and I haven't been able to get that out of my head!  Tom Verde: Why are you telling me this?  Izzi: I'm not afraid anymore, Tommy.	philosophy
But spontaneity is not by any means a blind, disorderly urge, a mere power of caprice. A philosophy restricted to the alternatives of conventional language has no way of conceiving an intelligence which does not work according to plan, according to a one-at-a-time order of thought. Yet the concrete evidence of such an intelligence is right to hand in our own thoughtlessly ordered bodies. For the Tao does not 'know' how it produces the universe just as we do not 'know' how we construct our brains.	philosophy
The meaning of earthly existence lies not, as we have grown used to thinking, in prospering but in the development of the soul.	philosophy
His conception of the universe is, however, instinctive, not intellectual; it can't be criticized as a concept, because there’s none there, and it can't be criticized as temperament, because temperament can't be criticized.	philosophy
"I'm almost finished,"" said Wilhelm, wiping out a line with his sleeve and drawing over it. ""I never doubted you for a moment,"" said Vex, then looked at Aurora and spoke more softly. ""I actually doubted him the whole time. He's really not very good."" Wilhelm turned. ""I'm standing right in front of you. I can hear literally every sound you make."" ""Wilhelm, please,"" said Vex, ""this is a private conversation."	sarcasm
He could very likely have appealed for leniency. At least he could have saved his life by agreeing to leave Athens. But had he done this he would not have been Socrates. He valued his conscience--and the truth-- higher than life.	philosophy
Yeah, because you'll really be showing them, won't you. Talk about cutting up your wrists to spite your fate.	sarcasm
The aim of art is to represent not the outward appearance of things, but their inward significance.	philosophy
Playing God is actually the highest expression of human nature. The urges to improve ourselves, to master our environment, and to set our children on the best path possible have been the fundamental driving forces of all of human history. Without these urges to ‘play God’, the world as we know it wouldn’t exist today.	philosophy
Once upon a time there was a young prince who believed in all things but three. He did not believe in princesses, he did not believe in islands, he did not believe in God. His father, the king, told him that such things did not exist. As there were no princesses or islands in his father's domains, and no sign of God, the young prince believed his father.  But then, one day, the prince ran away from his palace. He came to the next land. There, to his astonishment, from every coast he saw islands, and on these islands, strange and troubling creatures whom he dared not name. As he was searching for a boat, a man in full evening dress approached him along the shore.  Are those real islands?' asked the young prince.  Of course they are real islands,' said the man in evening dress.  And those strange and troubling creatures?'  They are all genuine and authentic princesses.'  Then God must exist!' cried the prince.  I am God,' replied the man in full evening dress, with a bow.  The young prince returned home as quickly as he could.  So you are back,' said the father, the king.  I have seen islands, I have seen princesses, I have seen God,' said the prince reproachfully.   The king was unmoved.  Neither real islands, nor real princesses, I have seen God,' said the prince reproachfully.  The king was unmoved.  Neither real islands, nor real princesses, nor a real God exist.'  I saw them!'  Tell me how God was dressed.'  God was in full evening dress.'  Were the sleeves of his coat rolled back?'  The prince remembered that they had been. The king smiled.  That is the uniform of a magician. You have been deceived.'  At this, the prince returned to the next land, and went to the same shore, where once again he came upon the man in full evening dress.  My father the king has told me who you are,' said the young prince indignantly. 'You deceived me last time, but not again. Now I know that those are not real islands and real princesses, because you are a magician.'  The man on the shore smiled.  It is you who are deceived, my boy. In your father's kingdom there are many islands and many princesses. But you are under your father's spell, so you cannot see them.'  The prince pensively returned home. When he saw his father, he looked him in the eyes.  Father, is it true that you are not a real king, but only a magician?'  The king smiled, and rolled back his sleeves.  Yes, my son, I am only a magician.'  Then the man on the shore was God.'  The man on the shore was another magician.'  I must know the real truth, the truth beyond magic.'  There is no truth beyond magic,' said the king.  The prince was full of sadness.  He said, 'I will kill myself.'  The king by magic caused death to appear. Death stood in the door and beckoned to the prince. The prince shuddered. He remembered the beautiful but unreal islands and the unreal but beautiful princesses.  Very well,' he said. 'I can bear it.'  You see, my son,' said the king, 'you too now begin to be a magician.	philosophy
Beauty is not who you are on the outside, it is the wisdom and time you gave away to save another struggling soul, like you.	philosophy
"Hey, Carlos,"" the Professor says when he walks in. ""How was REACH?"" ""It sucked."" ""Can you be more specific?"" my guardian asks. ""It really sucked,"" I elaborate, sarcasm dripping from every word."	sarcasm
"As I grabbed my cocoa, chocolate ran down my hand. ""This makes me feel like a five-year-old,"" I said, licking it off. ""If I ordered a sandwich at this place, do you think they'd cut the crusts off?"	sarcasm
What’s that around your neck?” asked Emily.  “It’s a golden star.” Said Reed. “What did you get it for?” “Chemistry class.” “What’s the star for?” the shadow asked, Usually stars represent a straight A student.  “You get it for having greatness. But Emily doesn’t know what that is.” He said, answering the shadows question and looking at Emily.  “Greatness, what’s greatness?” Emily asked, all wide eyed, and clueless looking “It’s when you do really awesome stuff, and people recognize you for it.” “Oh, no” Emily laughed .”No, I don’t know what that is.	sarcasm
Whatever one man does, it is as if all men did it. For that reason, it is not unfair that one disobedience in a garden should contaminate all humanity; for that reason it is not unjust that the crucifixion of a single Jew should be sufficient to save it.	philosophy
Unity is a great thing and a great slogan. But what the workers’ cause needs is the unity of Marxists, not unity between Marxists, and opponents and distorters of Marxism.	philosophy
Whatever their future, at the dawn of their lives, men seek a noble vision of man's nature and of life's potential.	philosophy
The same word we love and hate, leaves in different directions, taking different paths.	philosophy
"You could shove it up your ass and pretend you're a corn dog.""  COURTESY VIOLATION-RESPONSE MUTED-VIOLATION LOGGED"	sarcasm
Were prayers of murderers, when fighting on the “right side” of the war, ever heard—let alone answered?	philosophy
We follow the ways of wolves, the habits of tigers: or, rather we are worse than they. To them nature has assigned that they should be thus fed, while God has honoured us with rational speech and a sense of equity. And yet we are become worse than the wild beast.	philosophy
Things which are accidentally the causes either of hope or fear are called good or evil omens.	philosophy
All great things must first wear terrifying and monstrous masks, in order to inscribe themselves on the hearts of humanity.	philosophy
"Septimus has been working too hard"" - that was all she could say to her own mother. To love makes one solitary, she thought."	philosophy
Re-programming your mind, body &amp; spirit is like planting a garden, if the soil isn't right nothing will grow.	philosophy
If an apology is followed by an excuse or a reason, it means they are going to commit same mistake again they just apologized for.	philosophy
Richard looked up to find a thirty-ish, tall, black haired man sauntering towards him with a smile that said “You can trust me”, but really meant “Don’t believe a word I say”. This was Jack, and he hadn’t changed a bit.	sarcasm
The Great Way is not named; Great Discriminations are not spoken; Great Benevolence is not benevolent; Great Modesty is not humble; Great Daring does not attack. If the Way is made clear, it is not the Way.	philosophy
It comes as no surprise to find [Norman] Mailer embracing [in the book <em>On God</em>] a form of Manicheanism, pitting the forces of light and darkness against each other in a permanent stand-off, with humanity as the battlefield. (When asked if Jesus is part of this battle, he responds rather loftily that he thinks it is a distinct possibility.) But it is at points like this that he talks as if all the late-night undergraduate talk sessions on the question of theism had become rolled into one. 'How can we not face up to the fact that if God is All-Powerful, He cannot be All-Good. Or She cannot be All-Good.'  Mailer says that questions such as this have bedevilled 'theologians', whereas it would be more accurate to say that such questions, posed by philosophers, have attempted to put theologians out of business. A long exchange on the probability of reincarnation (known to Mailer sometimes as “karmic reassignment”) manages to fall slightly below the level of those undergraduate talk sessions. The Manichean stand-off leads Mailer, in closing, to speculate on what God might desire politically and to say: 'In different times, the heavens may have been partial to monarchy, to communism, and certainly the Lord was interested in democracy, in capitalism. (As was the Devil!)'  I think it was at this point that I decided I would rather remember Mailer as the author of <em>Harlot's Ghost</em> and <em>The Armies of the Night</em>.	philosophy
A mother is the most important blessing of your life.	philosophy
All right. The snow may be falling in the winter of my discontent, but at least I've got sarcastic company.	sarcasm
Hey, I am thinking of it myself, in this part of world (East), we all do endeavors in praying and are sweating (white liquid) and this is our situation, frustrated , but on the other part of world (West) ,they are enjoying in party and drinking liquor (white liquid) but their situation is that, successful, I do not know that the problem relates to the type of liquid or the way of drinking!!	philosophy
Wouldn’t you like to know,” I smiled. “I travel. Shit happens.	sarcasm
Il pessimismo radicale sconfina nell'ottimismo.	philosophy
I started studying law, but this I could stand just for one semester. I couldn't stand more. Then I studied languages and literature for two years. After two years I passed an examination with the result I have a teaching certificate for Latin and Hungarian for the lower classes of the gymnasium, for kids from 10 to 14. I never made use of this teaching certificate. And then I came to philosophy, physics, and mathematics. In fact, I came to mathematics indirectly. I was really more interested in physics and philosophy and thought about those. It is a little shortened but not quite wrong to say: I thought I am not good enough for physics and I am too good for philosophy. Mathematics is in between.	philosophy
Was I insane? Maybe. But then, there were many different kinds of insanity. Aunt Rose had always taken for granted that the whole world was in a state of constantly fluctuating madness, and that a neurosis was not an illness, but a fact of life, like pimples. Some have more, some have less, but only truly abnormal people have none at all. This commonsense philosophy had consoled me many times before, and it did now, too.	philosophy
Make life easier by living in the present and believing in the future.	philosophy
We seem to inhabit a universe made up of a small number of elements-particles-bits that swirl in chaotic clouds, occasionally clustering together in geometrically logical temporary configurations.	philosophy
No man was ever yet a great poet, without at the same time being a profound philosopher.	philosophy
Rien ne sert de courir il faut partir à point	philosophy
"I wonder why peopke are so afraid of love. Of different kinds of love. I just don't get it. Why aren't we afraid of racism"" Of war? But love? It just doesn't make sense."	philosophy
It’s bad enough barging into Guild property, but we’ll get into really serious trouble if we shoot anyone. Lord Vetinari won’t stop at sarcasm. He might use’ - Colon swallowed - ‘irony.	sarcasm
Saint Thomas Aquinas says, wisely, that the only way to drive out a bad passion is by a stronger good passion. The same is true of thoughts as of passions. When your mind wanders, like a child, your will must bring it back, like a mother. [. . .] The will-parent must discipline the mind-child, avoiding both the opposite extremes commonly made in disciplining either children or thoughts: tyranny or permissiveness.	philosophy
I cannot speak well enough to be unintelligible.	sarcasm
A woman is a symbol of nature; she has the beauty to attract and empower, the passion and compassion to create and nurture, and the power of love to transpire and transform.	philosophy
How small a thought it takes to fill a life.	philosophy
Modern bourgeois society with its relations of production, of exchange, and of property, a society that has conjured up such gigantic means of production and of exchange, is like the sorcerer, who is no longer able to control the powers of the nether world whom he has called up by his spells.	philosophy
If you're not happy in life then you need to change, calibrate, readjust...flush your negative energy and fill it with positive energy; How do we do that you might ask? well I would start by making others happy, deseases are not the only thing that spreads easy. We are all connected in some form of unseen energy... think how those around you will impact you and make you feel if they were happy?	philosophy
The perfect is the enemy of the good.	philosophy
And now we step to the rhythm of miracles. --from The Light, That Never Dies	philosophy
God's pleasure--the beauty creation possesses in his regard--underlies the distinct being of creation, and so beauty is the first and truest word concerning all that appears within being; beauty is the showing of what is; God looked upon what he had wrought and saw that it was good.	philosophy
No one should ever ask themselves that: why am I unhappy? The question carries within it the virus that will destroy everything. If we ask that question, it means we want to find out what makes us happy. If what makes us happy is different from what we have now, then we must either change once and for all or stay as we are, feeling even more unhappy.	philosophy
A human being is a part of the whole called by us universe, a part limited in time and space. He experiences himself, his thoughts and feeling as something separated from the rest, a kind of optical delusion of his consciousness. This delusion is a kind of prison for us, restricting us to our personal desires and to affection for a few persons nearest to us. Our task must be to free ourselves from this prison by widening our circle of compassion to embrace all living creatures and the whole of nature in its beauty.	philosophy
She smiled. She knew she was dying. But it did not matter any longer. She had known something which no human words could ever tell and she knew it now. She had been awaiting it and she felt it, as if it had been, as if she had lived it. Life had been, if only because she had known it could be, and she felt it now as a hymn without sound, deep under the little whole that dripped red drops into the snow, deeper than that from which the red drops came. A moment or an eternity- did it matter? Life, undefeated, existed and could exist. She smiled, her last smile, to so much that had been possible.	philosophy
"What am I going to do?"" asked Ce'Nedra.  ""First you ought to go wash your face,"" Polgara told her. ""Some girls can cry without making themselves ugly, but you don't have the right coloring for it. You're an absolute fright. I'd advise you never to cry in public if you can help it."	sarcasm
Oh, and I suppose the apples ate the cheese.	sarcasm
Knowledge subverts love: in proportion as we penetrate our secrets, we come to loathe our kind, precisely because they resemble us.	philosophy
I have never seen or heard of such a fish. But I must kill him. I am glad we do not have to try to kill the stars.” Imagine if each day a man must try to kill the moon, he thought. The moon runs away. . . . Then he was sorry for the great fish that had nothing to eat and his determination to kill him never relaxed in his sorrow for him. . . . There is no one worthy of eating him from the manner of his behavior and his great dignity. I do not understand these things, he thought. But it is good that we do not have to try to kill the sun or the moon or the stars. It is enough to live on the sea and kill our true brothers.	philosophy
Yeah, it's a kodak moment. Quick, take a picture. Sarah scoffs. I stick my tongue out at her.	sarcasm
Free your mind from routine, keep your brain somewhere else	philosophy
As soon as you have made a thought, laugh at it.	philosophy
Never say that I have taken it, only that I have given it back.	philosophy
Reason may be employed to support faith as well as to destroy it.	philosophy
If I waste all my charity, all I’ll wind up with in the end is the wind. Still, I think I want to be the Dandelion of Love.	philosophy
If she hasn't learned to appreciate my sterling character and spectacular good looks by this time, it's not likely she will.	sarcasm
Until we have begun to go without them, we fail to realize how unnecessary many things are. We've been using them not because we needed them but because we had them.	philosophy
Reverence the highest, have patience with the lowest. Let this day's performance of the meanest duty be thy religion. Are the stars too distant, pick up the pebble that lies at thy feet, and from it learn the all.	philosophy
Most of the propositions and questions to be found in philosophical works are not false but nonsensical.	philosophy
Atheism leaves a man to sense, to philosophy, to natural piety, to laws, to reputation; all which may be guides to an outward moral virtue, though religion were not; but superstition dismounts all these, and erecteth an absolute monarchy in the minds of men. Therefore atheism did never perturb states; for it makes men wary of themselves, as looking no further: and we see the times inclined to atheism (as the time of Augustus Cæsar) were civil times. But superstition hath been the confusion of many states, and bringeth in a new primum mobile, that ravisheth all the spheres of government. The master of superstition is the people; and in all superstition wise men follow fools; and arguments are fitted to practice, in a reversed order.	philosophy
A farm regulated to production of raw commodities is not a farm at all. It is a temporary blip until the land is used up, the water polluted, the neighbors nauseated, and the air unbreathable. The farmhouse, the concrete, the machinery, and outbuildings become relics of a bygone vibrancy when another family farm moves to the city financial centers for relief.	philosophy
Sed nescio quo modo nihil tam absurde dici potest quod non dicatur ab aliquo philosphorum. (There is nothing so absurd but some philosopher has said it.)	philosophy
The life of the enemy . Whoever lives for the sake of combating an enemy has an interest in the enemy's staying alive.	philosophy
When you’ve tried everything and failed, try everything else and succeed	philosophy
Well, someone slap my butt and give me a hero cookie. (Nick)	sarcasm
It feels good to shoot your veins full of heroin too, but that doesn’t mean you should go out and become a junkie.	sarcasm
In a world of chance is there a better and a worse? We yield to a stranger's embrace or give ourselves to the waves; for the blink of an eyelid our vigilance relaxes; we are asleep; and when we awake, we have lost the direction of our lives. What are these blinks of an eyelid, against which the only defence is an eternal and inhuman wakefulness? Might they not be the cracks and chinks through which another voice, other voices, speak in our lives? By what right do we close our ears to them? (Susan Barton)	philosophy
...much theological discussion is wasted, not because the words used have no possible meaning, but because the people who use them don't mean anything by them.	philosophy
Propounding peace and love without practical or institutional engagement is delusion, not virtue.	philosophy
The view that man was ever to be drawn by some vision of the unattainable shining ahead, doomed ever to aspire, but not to achieve, my life and my values could not bring me to that.	philosophy
You can't drive them around in the getaway van.' 'How about we don't call it the getaway van? People might get suspicious.' 'So what should we call it?' 'How about the van?' 'It doesn't change what it is and that it's a shitty thing to do. Someone might see them in it.	sarcasm
I am my world.	philosophy
I will not pray for health or wealth or splendor; I will pray for a higher consciousness.	philosophy
A friend is someone who accepts you no matter where you are.	philosophy
YES. BECAUSE THAT'S HOW I ROLL. LIKE A SUAVE THING. In fact, from here on, please forward my mail to 1 Suave Hill, Suave Boulevard, Suavieland, Planet of She's-So-Smooth-I-Can't-Believe-She's-Not-Butter.	sarcasm
I know a lie when I hear one.	sarcasm
Vacations for Souls [10w]  When souls are bored in Heaven they vacation in Hell.	philosophy
The pen may indeed be mightier than the sword, but the wordsmith would do well to welcome the blacksmith back into the fold, so that artisan craftsmanship the world over may fend off the ravages of industrialised homogeneity and bland monoculture.	philosophy
You have to let go better to embrace the best.	philosophy
Wheels of Change  Discontentment is the wheels of change. You can either add some grease  to bring about change faster, or run in front of them in protest, and be crushed by them.	philosophy
Mingling Defined [10w]  Superficial people engaging with superficial people on a superficial level.	philosophy
"Oh,"" she said, in a very different way. ""Well. Thanks for my part in the compliment. Naturally I'd love to be watched and controlled, but I think I may be washing my hair that day."	sarcasm
He checked his parachute and launched himself into the Sea of Sarcasm. --Havana Red	sarcasm
If you know the secret of life, you will never think negatively.	philosophy
A goal is important, but what you become to achieve that goal is much more important.	philosophy
"Oh, you need Alan to betray Nick and then you'll steal Nick's powers and kill them both,"" said Mae. ""Great idea. Hey, can i come? I'll bring a picnic lunch if you promise not to let blood get on the sandwiches."	sarcasm
The more I love, the more I find that life is magical.	philosophy
A starry night moon looks at you with admiration because in her eyes you are a star.	philosophy
Why do you think that you are weak when you are blessed with the power of love?	philosophy
To be infinite, lose yourself in infinite love.	philosophy
Life becomes boring when it has no destination or purpose.	philosophy
Soup [10w]  Never marry anyone who eats their soup with a ladle.	philosophy
Dreams come true if we can pursue them by overcoming the fear of failure.	philosophy
If only there was enough space on this tiny card to evoke my unfettered joie de vivre for what you have done. The gaiety, the mirth, the heavenly bubbling of every effusive cell that sings inside me for your kind and pithy offering.	sarcasm
Past, I am letting you go. Future, I will see you tomorrow. Present, I love you, live in you, celebrate you, and will never let you go.	philosophy
An investment in self-development pays the highest dividends.	philosophy
The logic behind patriotism is a mystery. At least a man who believes that his own family or clan is superior to all others is familiar with more than 0.000003% of the people involved.	sarcasm
Jules stood up and stretched gracelessly. “Let’s hurry up and pay before she”-she indicated Claire with a flick of her thumb-“sees something shiny and we lose her again.	sarcasm
Double-Dipping [10w]  Double-dip in righteousness  and delight in the here and herafter.	philosophy
Kundalini Rising: Serpent to Serpent  It appears I have roused this sleeping serpent  from her dogmatic slumber. Newborn-blind she flicks  at air thick with heat and the aroma of mandarins.  You uncoil before me as a densely knotted oriental,  ligatured in byzantine mandalas inscribed in silk  and sinuously guided by raw scent and sensibility.  What epiphanies occur when two serpents meet  beyond the civility of “Dr. Livingston, I presume?”  Endlessly lost, perhaps they newly find themselves  entwined in the satiny compass of each other,  finally shedding the heavy armor of their scales.	philosophy
Follow your heart. It will lead you to where you need to be.	philosophy
"First Things First  ""Where are you?"" is the voice of God. ""Who am I?"" is the voice of your soul. You can't answer God until you answer yourself. Before you come out of hiding, find your identity and your purpose."	philosophy
You may not find the opportunity to succeed, but you can always find the opportunity to serve. Then serve to succeed.	philosophy
Teenagers [10w]  Teenagers are the lone survivors of a ruthless hormonal holocaust.	philosophy
No Planning for Death [10w]  People put more planning into a weekend vacation than death.	philosophy
Shall I compare thee to a shepard's pie: Shakespeare for the Cooking Channel  Shall I compare thee to a shepard's pie? Thou art more tasty and less filling Without the extra pound of lamb mince, Brown onions, carrots and celery sticks. Thou art more saucy than all Worcestershire, More earthy than peal'd Désirée potatoes. Sometime too hot the red brick oven shines, Leaving others pies with a golden brown complexion, But yours, pure ivory white, refined as manchet flour, In passion hides the sweet blush of claret wine, infused with cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg and clove.  So long as men can eat, or eyes can see,  So long lives my appetite, to feast in thee.	philosophy
Gray [10w]  Since gray's the 'new black' things aren't black and white.	philosophy
Long Term Relationships [10w]  Long term relationships should begin and end with a laugh.	philosophy
"I forgot my purse of laughter when I dressed this mornin',"" she told me. ""Have you not bought anythin' the last few days? Prices have gone up. Pay or starve, it's all one to me."	sarcasm
How does knowing <em>'things could be worse'</em> than what I already deem is awful make me feel any better? You mean I could sink even lower? Oh joy!	sarcasm
A psycho murderer who lubed. How considerate.	sarcasm
"[E]very man ought to say to himself, ""Am I really the kind of man who has the right to act in such a way that humanity might guide itself by my actions?"	philosophy
No ideology is worth a Human life.	philosophy
Don't Mess with the Queen {Couplet}  The first man harnessing the secrets of fire Cannot compare with the revelation of your sovereign ire.	philosophy
I promise you that I will steal your heart and keep it in the prison of my love forever.	philosophy
You are the seer, you are the scenery, and you are the poetry.	philosophy
You may be born thousands of years from now, but over the boundaries of time I am sending you my love and wishing you a joyful and wonderful life.	philosophy
Forgive to set yourself free; love to set the prisoner free.	philosophy
Don’t wait for opportunity in front of a closed door—wander until you find the open one.	philosophy
Biggest mistake that people make is. That they forget that there is always next time. For any event, any situation and any circumstances.	philosophy
Life is a flowing river. We came from earth and water. We will go back there after the magic of life.	philosophy
She was heartily ashamed of her ignorance - a misplaced shame. Where people wish to attach, they should always be ignorant. To come with a well−informed mind is to come with an inability of administering to the vanity of others, which a sensible person would always wish to avoid. A woman especially, if she have the misfortune of knowing anything, should conceal it as well as she can.	sarcasm
"Life Imprisonment with No Possibility of Parole [10w]  ""The needle is preferable to three hots and a cot."	philosophy
Life happened in the past. Life will happen in the future, but life is happening at this moment. Live in this moment. Seize this moment!	philosophy
Your ocean of joy in not out there. Find it inside of you and swim there forever.	philosophy
Life is a magical melody.	philosophy
Somalia Haiku  For a Somalian,  heaven's drawing water from a well  in an earthen pot.	philosophy
It's weird, marriage. It's like this license that gives a person the legal right to control their spouse / their 'other half.	sarcasm
You are the creator of your world.	philosophy
Love is the magic, mystery, and the beauty of life.	philosophy
"Beyond the Place of Turning Back ↺  ""Sometimes I wish to fly so far        sou⇟h it's stars beyond the place of turning back↺"	philosophy
We came to this world to enjoy the magic of love, the beauty of existence, and the joy of life. We did not come to this world to look for money and fame.	philosophy
...engaging with a work of ancient philosophy can be a two-way street; bringing it into a discussion can enrich that discussion, which also encouraging us to see the work in light of that discussion.	philosophy
Be a great artist especially when you draw your life’s picture.	philosophy
What are American dry-goods? asked the duchess, raising her large hands in wonder and accentuating the verb.  American novels, answered Lord Henry.	sarcasm
The Amulet of Samarkand. It was Simon Lovelace's. Now it is yours. Soon it will be Simon Lovelace's again. Take it and enjoy the consequences.	sarcasm
Every rose is longing for joy and love; every rose know the language of the heart.	philosophy
You are the prettiest flower in the garden of my love. As the moon longs for the night, my heart longs for your heart.	philosophy
How to Treat Your Lover {Couplet}  If you want to learn how your lover best to treat, Pretend each time is the last time you'll ever meet.	philosophy
"But you have said it too often, Mr. Benedict!"" said Mrs. Perumal in an imperious tone that was quite out of character. ""And if you continue in this vein, I'm afraid we'll be compelled to cut our visit short. Surely there are other establishments that would host an entire troup of guests - indefinitely and without reward - and not feel obliged to apologize for it!"	sarcasm
Every heart has a unique story to tell. We just need a mind to listen.	philosophy
Evolution of Love [10w]  Love evolved from when one monkey handed another a blossom.	philosophy
"Okay, can you pass yourself off as a magician and gain Gerald's trust and pass us information about Celeste's plans and save all the magicians who want to be saved? Jaime asked. ""Because if so awesome. I shall stay here and eat pie."	sarcasm
Nothing exists without an atom. The atom is the beginning and the end. It carries all the information. So the atom is God and everything else are just disciples.	philosophy
Body is slave of mind. Mind is regulated by ideas, attitudes, beliefs and tendencies. What really matters is that which set of beliefs get most well entrenched in the mind of a person in the first few decades of his life so as to guide him for the rest of his life as he starts his journey from one end of life to another end of life.	philosophy
Forgive the past to welcome the future.	philosophy
True love is like ghosts, which everybody talks about and few have seen.	philosophy
Without judging anyone, let us love everyone like a flower.	philosophy
Like nature, we must grow with tranquility, beauty, harmony, and love.	philosophy
Explanations can’t explain love--only deep perception can do that.	philosophy
2D or Not 2D [10w]  The best thing about a two-dimensional world is nobody's fat.	philosophy
If you know the power of your thoughts, you would never fear failure.	philosophy
I may not know you, but I don’t see any difference between you and me. I see myself in you; we are one.	philosophy
There is one invisible bridge for every one of us and death is the first step of it. On this side, there is life where there are questions and fear but on that other side of that bridge, there is a whole new world full of answers and peace.	philosophy
To be as pure and perfect as a flower, you must think and dream like a flower.	philosophy
My mind reels with sarcastic replies!	sarcasm
Treat life as if it is the best gift from the universe.	philosophy
Shakespeare vs. Keynesian Economics {Couplet}  If 'Neither a lender nor a borrower be', investments would dry up, economies stagnate, and off to the poorhouse go you and me.	philosophy
Most beautiful things comes to us free of charge.	philosophy
She is like a dancing flower; her smiles are spreading love for the whole world.	philosophy
Stop searching and start revealing the treasures that reside inside of your heart.	philosophy
"Just remember that you're on my list, Marcone. Soon as I get done with all the other evils in this town, you won't be the lesser of them anymore.""  Marcone stared at me with half-lidded eyes and said, ""Eek."	sarcasm
The Grass is Always Greener on the Other Side of the Hill  That's because my lawn is on a south-facing slope of the hill  and more more open to sunlight and warm winds.  It's dryer due to higher levels of evapotranspiration  than my neighbor's greener north-facing slope. I'm not the least bit envious of the color of his greener grass. I'm just pissed that the prick owns a better piece of real estate.	philosophy
Kiss me with love like a butterfly kisses flowers to find and taste the nectar of life.	philosophy
Indulge your passion for science…but let your science be human, and such as may have a direct reference to action and society. Be a philosopher; but amidst all your philosophy, be still a man.	philosophy
Follow your heart; don’t fear changes. With love, the heart changes its content.	philosophy
In trying to explain life we have reduced it to a series of chemical reactions, whether it be the burning of glucose in mitochondria to create energy, or the folding of proteins to make bile, or pollen, or blood. Zoom out to where we perceive things, the titanic mathematics of it all is silent. We have twisted our thoughts and feelings into all sorts of psychological origami about whether these things are a result of evolution, intelligent design, or creation ex nihilo, and for all we know, our little planet is the only place that holds all of this wonder in a void that is too staggeringly huge to conceive.	philosophy
Vapers  I bought a vape pen from a vaporium. The vapologist advised me to get the model with the refillable vape tank. When the fuck did smoking become so vapid?	philosophy
So this was the rest of his life. It felt like a party to which he'd been invited, but at an address he couldn't actually locate. Someone must be having fun at it, this life of his; only, right at the moment, it wasn't him.	sarcasm
Love is the most potent drug used to seduce anyone.	philosophy
"Who the hell calls at two in the morning?"" ""Maybe it's Matt Wilde, confessing his love,"" Lindsay says. ""Very funny,"	sarcasm
"You've read half the books in this house? This whole house?""  ""Well, approximately half."" Sticky said. ""To be more accurate, I suppose I've read more like"" - his eyes went up as he calculated - ""three sevenths? Yes, three sevenths.""  ""Only three sevenths?"" said Kate, pretending to look disappointed. ""And here I was prepared to be impressed."	sarcasm
We must not forget the beauty of humanity. At the core of our being, we must love humanity.	philosophy
Travel is never a matter of money but of courage	philosophy
Life isn't all about money but this life is nothing without it!	philosophy
We are barely conscious. With a higher consciousness we can open the door between infinite possibilities.	philosophy
With every sunrise, I rise with joy. My heart dances with love. I begin a new life fresh like a flower.	philosophy
Genocide [10w]  Genocide is the runaway bride once death becomes the bridegroom.	philosophy
Catalyst [10w]  You're not lying if your lie helps engender the truth.	philosophy
Learned we may be with another man's learning: we can only be wise with wisdom of our own.	philosophy
We are here to enjoy the breathtaking views of life with love.	philosophy
The Socialist system requires that each individual act out of selfless, altruistic motives. It sounds nice, but the only way that could happen is if Man were innately centered on others.	philosophy
Is a picture really worth a thousand words? What thousand words? A thousand words from a lunatic, or a thousand words from Nietzsche? Actually, Nietzsche was a lunatic, but you see my point. What about a thousand words from a rambler vs. 500 words from Mark Twain? He could say the same thing quicker and with more force than almost any other writer. One thousand words from Ginsberg are not even worth one from Wilde. It’s wild to declare the equivalency of any picture with any army of 1,000 words. Words from a writer like Wordsworth make you appreciate what words are worth.	philosophy
You are the creator of your universe, and you are the destroyer of it too.	philosophy
Invest in yourself to get the best interest.	philosophy
"Spineless  ""How do you know which invertebrate lacks resolution if they're all spineless?"	philosophy
Lord Ironman, please play tonsil hockey with me, just this one time. There, does that make you happy?	sarcasm
First Day at Harvard [10w]  Smartest kid in the room walks into room of competitors.	philosophy
To help humanity, live with kindness and harmony.	philosophy
I don't need a mate,” she muttered, staring up at the bright circle of the early autumn moon. “But can't you send me a nice, sexy, strongmale to dance with? Pretty please?” She hadn't had a lover for close to eight months now, and it was starting to hurt on every level. “He doesn't even have to be smart, just good between the sheets.” Good enough to unsnap the tension in her body, allow her to function again. Because sex wasn't simply about pleasure for a cat like her—it was about affection, about trust, about everything good. “Though right this second, I'd take plain old hot sex.”  That was when Riley walked out of the shadows. “Got an itch, kitty?”   Snapping to her feet, she narrowed her eyes, knowing he had to have deliberately stayed downwind in order to sneak up on her. “Spying?”   “When you're talking loud enough to wake the dead?”   She swore she could feel steam coming out her ears.	sarcasm
I hope for happiness for you.	philosophy
At this time of year it's easy to forget the true meaning of Christianity - the lies, the corruption, the abuse.	sarcasm
One Size Fits All Life Strategy  Smile first. Ask questions later.	philosophy
At the end of our lives, nothing remains except memories.	philosophy
Independence is earned by a few words of cheap confidence	sarcasm
Do Me No Favors Haiku  'Do me no favors ~ I can take care of myself. So, pay the check and drive me home.	philosophy
Tennessee State Motto  Agriculture and Commerce. Where the KKK was bornand the most popular pick up line is, 'Nice tooth!	philosophy
Love the dream to live the dream.	philosophy
You shouldn’t expect a positive outcome when you have a negative thought process. Only positive thoughts can create positive results.	philosophy
If You Can't Think, You've No Right to Speak [10w]  Our Constitution's guarantee of free speech  specifically excludes fucking idiots.	philosophy
You have an obligation to this world. That is to love it and make it more joyful.	philosophy
Forget yourself. Live for others. You will find your bliss.	philosophy
Rationalize [10w]  Man needs an apt aphorism to rationalize his ruthless actions.	philosophy
Too Much Information  You must empty your mind of garbage to let new garbage in.	philosophy
Dialogue  Knowledge compromises its truth once it ceases to be a dialogue.	philosophy
Seek opportunities to help and you will be a success	philosophy
Find someone who loves you enough to forgive you for all of your mistakes.	philosophy
"Grandma's Advice on Ambition  ""Children, if you aim for the stars you'll be  impaled by small meteorites and become toast."	philosophy
Our eyes see only that which language can explain, but our hearts see that which is invisible and unexplainable.	philosophy
You're stubborn- anyone ever tell you that before?	sarcasm
The trouble is you can shut your eyes but you can’t shut your mind.	philosophy
Predestination [10w]  'Twas predestined that I'd call predestination a crock of shit.	philosophy
Primer of Love [Lesson 41]  The essence of pleasure is spontaneity. ~ Germaine Greer  Lesson 41) Play it mostly by ear mostly,  but when time is at a premium, plan a bit.  Life is not a busy appointment page on your smartphone, you anal retentive fucktard. Life is all about improvisation. The fickle mood for a sour pickle and a box of Entenmanns's mixed donuts, the sudden urge to watch the entire 5 seasons of Breaking Bad together on a lazy Sunday afternoon, or the instant decision to stay home and prepare a four cheese lasagna instead of going out to a nice Italian restaurant. These are the priceless events than even MasterCard cannot challenge. But if you only have a four day weekend, you two have to be grounded in reality. Don't just climb in the car and drive. Pick a fucking direction. Thank God for GPS.	philosophy
I find joy and magic in every drop of moonlight. I hear songs of love in every glint of a star.	philosophy
What tale do you like best to hear?' 'Oh, I have not much choice! They generally run on the same theme - courtship; and promise to end in the same catastrophe - marriage.	sarcasm
Never mumble some sarcastic shit to somebody who can obviously fuck you up.	sarcasm
Negative actions cannot create a positive life.	philosophy
Let me guess - you're Grumpy?' He let out a <em>humpf</em>. ' And you would be too, if you'd just spent the last hour searching the forest for your wayward charge.' He walked even faster. 'We tell you to stay inside, we tell you not to talk to strangers. But oh no, you must be out singing to the animals as if the birds didn't do a fine enough job of it. And this after Queen Neferia has already tried to kill you thrice. [...] Which is why you are not to go shopping anymore, no matter how pretty the wares, remember?' Oh, right.'  [...] when you looked at it that way, Snow White had to be pretty idiotic to keep falling for the same trick.	sarcasm
Death &amp; Poetry  Nothing softens the blow of death like a cushy poem to fall upon.	philosophy
If your doctrine changed for the better yet your character changed for the worse, you changed for the worse.	philosophy
Oh my darling! Burn my heart again and again with the fire of your love.	philosophy
Bespeckled Heroes [10w]  Great heroes in 100 years become statues speckled with birdshit.	philosophy
Grateful [10w] + [10w]  If you can't think of anything you should be grateful for, think that you can think  and be grateful for that.	philosophy
Excuse me if I feel skeptical,' I said. 'Coach's foot fell off. How exactly do you propose to cure that? Superglue?	sarcasm
Washington State Motto  Al-Ki. [25] America's most rainy, PC and annoying state.	philosophy
"He made a sound of disgust in the back of his throat. ""Oh thank you so much. That's what every man wants to hear about his name. You might as well call me 'Little Pecker' while you're at it and tell me you would love to have me go shopping with you for feminine hygiene products. Oh and by all means, carry a big, sparkling pink bag with flowers on it and make me hold it."	sarcasm
I don’t want fame, money, or duty. I want to close my eyes and see your loving beauty.	philosophy
Satan impregnated my mother one lovely spring morning. We didn’t have the heart to tell my father.	sarcasm
Give away love to be loved.	philosophy
Let Others Speak [10w]  When others speak of your virtues they grow tenfold.	philosophy
This universe belongs to those who know how to see, feel, and love the beauty of life and the universe.	philosophy
The real question of life after death isn't whether or not it exists, but even if it does what problem this really solves.	philosophy
You’re sure you didn’t leave? Didn’t try to explore Thunder Bay again, maybe go down to the park and, I don’t know, dismember some poor jogger?	sarcasm
Vampires were always either trying to kill me, or own me. God I hated being popular.	sarcasm
The course of mankind's progress is not a straight, automatic line, but a tortuous struggle, with long detours or relapses into the stagnant night of the irrational. Mankind moves forward by the grace of those human bridges who are able to grasp and transmit, across years or centuries, the achievements men had reached--and to carry them further. Thomas Aquinas is one illustrious example: he was the bridge between Aristotle and the Renaissance, spanning the infamous detour of the Dark and Middle Ages.	philosophy
The principle virtue of anyone who made an important invention is curious persistence.	philosophy
Choose to be happy. It is what we have all done.	philosophy
Its not your fault for not being there. Its my fault for thinking you would be	philosophy
Relative truths can also be absolute.   Relative absolute truths are like two people looking at the same coin, from two different sides, each sees a different truth and presumes they are looking at the same coin, and yet neither side can see the third side.	philosophy
Lost Love [10w] + {Couplet}  Lost love's the season of mists, Though they are gone, memory persists.	philosophy
Success is not an activity but a process.	philosophy
When I am longing for love, every rose is the expression of my soul.	philosophy
The Universe Begins and Ends in Us  If a telescope could see  beyond the edges of the universe, we would see ourselves  looking into a telescope  trying to see beyond the edges of universe.	philosophy
Here was enough transcendentalism to drive even a cave-dwelling Tibetan holy man insane. Jack Sawyer was everywhere; Jack Sawyer was everything.	philosophy
"Oh no, Nick"" Jaime said in tones of supremely unconvincing shock, ""how could you? When my back was turned for one momement. And my food was so delicious."	sarcasm
Because we don't really sparkle.	sarcasm
Existentialism's first move is to make every man aware of what he is and to make the full responsibility of his existence rest on him.	philosophy
Amazon.com  Amazon.com is the Church of Consumer Capitalism whose ethics demands we know the price of everything, the value of absolutely nothing of true moral value and most importantly ~ Customers Who Bought This Item Also Bought.	philosophy
Don't just talk, act.	philosophy
"He seemed only ... annoyed. Annoyed, and sweaty, and hot.  ""Yeah, well,"" he said, ""the next time you decide to sneak out of our magically warded apartment through a door that shouldn't really exist, leave a note."	sarcasm
Trust the perception not the presentation.	philosophy
The role played by time at the beginning of the universe is, I believe, the final key to removing the need for a Grand Designer, and revealing how the universe created itself. … Time itself must come to a stop. You can’t get to a time before the big bang, because there was no time before the big bang. We have finally found something that does not have a cause because there was no time for a cause to exist in. For me this means there is no possibility of a creator because there is no time for a creator to have existed. Since time itself began at the moment of the Big Bang, it was an event that could not have been caused or created by anyone or anything. … So when people ask me if a god created the universe, I tell them the question itself makes no sense. Time didn’t exist before the Big Bang, so there is no time for God to make the universe in. It’s like asking for directions to the edge of the Earth. The Earth is a sphere. It does not have an edge, so looking for it is a futile exercise.	philosophy
Before hurting anyone, especially those who cannot protect themselves, feel their pain with your heart. Take care of them as your little child.	philosophy
"Your name?""The movements of the man's mouth didn't quite match what he was saying, so seeing him speak was a bit like watching a badly dubbed film.  ""Alex Gardiner,"" Alex said.   ""Your real name?""  ""I just told you.""  ""You lied. Your real name is Alex Rider.""  ""Why ask if you think you know?"	sarcasm
Life is magical for a lover.	philosophy
Shit Poetry [10w]  Poetry without grace of expression is just so much shit.	philosophy
"I am a sick man... I am a spiteful man. I am an unpleasant man. I think my liver is diseased. However, I don't know beans about my disease, and I am not sure what is bothering me. I don't treat it and never have, though I respect medicine and doctors. Besides, I am extremely superstitious, let's say sufficiently so to respect medicine. (I am educated enough not to be superstitious, but I am.) No, I refuse to treat it out of spite. You probably will not understand that. Well, but I understand it. Of course I can't explain to you just whom I am annoying in this case by my spite. I am perfectly well aware that I cannot ""get even"" with the doctors by not consulting them. I know better than anyone that I thereby injure only myself and no one else. But still, if I don't treat it, its is out of spite. My liver is bad, well then-- let it get even worse!"	philosophy
Never hate an enemy; love them and transform them into a friend.	philosophy
Arjuro made a scoffing sound. ‘You think Lumatere will invade because of you? Are you that important?’  Froi looked away. ‘Isaboe would invade if you kidnapped a servant, let alone a friend.’  ‘Isaboe? We’re on first-name terms with the Queen of Lumatere, are we?’ Gargarin asked.  Froi found himself bristling. ‘What? Do you think I’m some cutthroat for hire who they found hanging around the palace walls with the words “I want to kill a Charynite King” tattooed on my arse?	sarcasm
Don't sound so grumpy. Next thing you know you'll be whinning and giving me puppy dog eyes.	sarcasm
Discrete vs. Discreet  Moonlight falls upon my feet, beyond the sun's overwrought conceit. I'm painted pristine white, without the heat; reflection's cool reflection~ how discreet!	philosophy
I stood for almost an hour in a line of shuffling, bitter - eyed late mailers (Christmas is such a carefree, low - pressure time - that's one of the things I love about it),...	sarcasm
When you write from the heart, it is always beautiful.	philosophy
"I'm working from the assumption it's going to go horribly wrong. If we get out of here with limbs intact and no aspen slivers in uncomfortable places, we're calling it a win.""  Merit/Jonah"	sarcasm
Until the day when God shall deign to reveal the future to man, all human wisdom is summed up in these two words,-Wait and hope.	philosophy
Just enjoy the music of life.	philosophy
Feelings are the language of the heart. Everything else is static noise.	philosophy
We travel to see the reflection of our minds on the mirror of changes so that we may enrich ourselves.	philosophy
To expand your world, love everyone even when no one is perfect.	philosophy
Scientifically Proven [10w]  Mariah Carey has a brain the size of a walnut.	philosophy
Life loses its meaning when you forget your purpose.	philosophy
War [10w]  When leaders threaten war, they’re breaking dirt on our graves.	philosophy
But God, the ruler of the universe, takes his stand upon it, regulating it and directing everything in a saving manner by the helm of his wisdom, using, in truth, neither hands nor feet, nor any other part whatever such as belongs to created objects.	philosophy
Why is my perception right? If it is wrong, then what is right?	philosophy
The secret to living is loving.	philosophy
Be persistent. Success is not far away.	philosophy
Mankind is nothing but a playground of consciousness.	philosophy
Leaps of Faith [10w]  Like religion, leaps of faith are behind all idealistic movements.	philosophy
Love Begins When the Honeymoon's Over  Love is what begins When the honeymoon is over Endless compromise Juggling screeching children Hospital waiting rooms Clawing give and take Stench of morning breath  The filler between orgasms  Chauffeuring children  Deciding who sleeps on the wet spot Living together the examined and unexamined life Process not end Journey not destination Sacrifice that doesn't feel like sacrifice Sharing triumph in agony Sharing tears of joy and grief Love is all the real shit that happens  While you're waiting for your bullshit kind to linger.	philosophy
Present {Couplet}  Our present is the dissipating despair of our past  mingled with the promise of our future we hope will last.	philosophy
"Ready?"" Jaime echoed. ""Yes, yes, I am ready. I am ready to drink a lot of liquids and lie on the sofa moaning faintly all day long. That is what I am ready for. I cannot engage in physical activity of any sort or my head will fall right off. Is that what you want Nick? Because if so, I find that hurtful."	sarcasm
Good Egg [10w]  Picking up the pieces is the responsibilty of the egg.	philosophy
To see the magic of life look through the wondrous eyes of a child.	philosophy
Gypsy  When one gypsy spits on you, its disgusting; when two do, it's suspicious; when three do, you're late to a gypsy wedding.	philosophy
Every rose has poetry in her heart and is eager to tell you when you are in love.	philosophy
Adversity gives life the thrill of adventure.	philosophy
Success is a purposeful journey with ups and downs. It is not only about an accumulation of money.	philosophy
To find the meaning of life, enjoy the journey, the beauty of the nature, the glint of a dew drop, the warmth of the morning sun, the songs of the wind, and smiles of flowers. These are all there to make your journey worthwhile and make your life meaningful.	philosophy
With an open mind, you are the imagination of universal consciousness and the creation of the subconscious mind that wanders throughout the universe.	philosophy
An invisible wall of super condensed jelly would make a great shield to stop bullets and sarcasm.	sarcasm
Desjani pulled out a ration bar. 'Hungry?' she asked Geary.  'I had something earlier. Is that a Yanika Babiya?'   'No. It’s . . .' She squinted at the label. 'Spicy chicken curry.'  'A chicken curry ration bar? How are they?'  Taking a small bite, Desjani chewed slowly, pretending not to be aware that everyone on the bridge was watching her instead of staring at the representation of the alien hypernet gate. 'It’s definitely got curry in it. Spicy, not so much. Some of the other stuff tastes like chicken.'  'That doesn’t narrow it down too much, does it?' Geary said.  'Every kind of meat in a ration bar tastes like chicken, Captain,' Lieutenant Castries suggested. 'Except the chicken.'  'You’re right, Lieutenant,' Desjani said. 'Real chicken in ration bars tastes like, what, mutton?'  'Ham,' Yuon tossed in. 'Bad ham.'  'So this can’t be chicken because it tastes like chicken,' Desjani concluded.	sarcasm
Never forget the prime purpose of your life.	philosophy
"Rain Check  I'm a shitty typist and speller, I hunt and peck, I wrote, ""i LeFt mY sWeEtToOtH iN yOuR nEcK oF tHe WoOdS, cOuLd YoU pLeAsE bRiNgIt BeCk.""  Surprisingly, you did, and left.  ""rAiN cHeCk."	philosophy
Why I Don't Carry a Cellphone [10w]  It's a sign of servility you can be contacted anytime.	philosophy
Dogs [10w]  Dogs never lie about love, but occasionally fake an orgasm.	philosophy
You are the love, the lover, and the beloved.	philosophy
Ethical Dilemma of an Ascending Body [10w] + [10w]  You can't ascend a ladder without rungs to push back; you can't climb a staircase without stairs to step on.	philosophy
My mind is an instrument of peace I am the peace My heart sing the song of peace My mind dances with peace I laugh with peace My soul is longing for peace My spirit is the source of peace.	philosophy
Just when you thought you’d considered all the angles, life goes from a square to a cube. Love should also be 3D.	philosophy
Measure your life not by the dimension of your bank account but by the expansion of your kindness and love.	philosophy
Poetry as Entertainment [10w]  Poetry that's not entertaining is just a self-indulgent laundry list.	philosophy
You can never achieve greatness until you can leave bitterness behind.	philosophy
Love is as abundant and powerful as sunlight. It can enlighten the whole world. Clouds of doubt can hide it temporarily, but it is always there. It can heal you as sunlight, but it can also burn you.	philosophy
the pursuit of love is like falconry.- chronicle of death foretold	philosophy
Niko was a man of few words and flying, sugary snacks. I like that in a human. ~Catcher	sarcasm
Do your actions define who you are, or does your purpose define why you are?	philosophy
If money’s the god people worship, I’d rather go worship the devil instead.	sarcasm
I am longing for you in life and in death As the moon is longing for night  and life is longing for breath	philosophy
people don't generally believe themselves to be evil. Just strong. And they think that the world owes them something	sarcasm
I hope you're not smoking in front of her,' Lucia says to him.  'Yeah, I lie in bed and puff in her face, Lucia,' he says, irritated.	sarcasm
When pain is intense, you are at a climax. You can then see the light of transcendence.	philosophy
I knew it was beautiful, but knowing something is beautiful and caring about it are two very different things, and I didn't care.	sarcasm
You become what you focus on and dream about.	philosophy
Your love is the light that will drive away all the darkness that surrounds you.	philosophy
Do not look for my heart any more; the beasts have eaten it.	philosophy
Never get angry. If you have to get angry, get angry at yourself and not at others.	philosophy
Eventually we all get tired of any and everything!	philosophy
Confucius vs. Confusion [10w]  Confucius says if pussy smell like fish change the bait.	philosophy
The AP Stylebook is Useless {Couplet}  I can't abbreviate abbreviation nor know how to initialize an acronym, I can find the contraction for contraction nor the précis for a homonym.	philosophy
The Poet's Mind  In so many ways I walk ablaze in a maze, my eyes in a glaze, my mind in a daze, this poem's just a phrase in the latency phase, rephrase,  rephrase,  rephrase...	philosophy
Gotta have my make up, in case I run into Joey and he wants to beat the shit out of me. Gotta look my best! Maybe he'll punch me repeatedly in the kidneys and the stomach so it doesn't mark up my face. He's so thoughtful!	sarcasm
Wherever you are, be there with love.	philosophy
To enjoy the beauty of love, be a big person in this small world.	philosophy
First I dream my life. Then I live in that dream with love and joy.	philosophy
The more I love, the more I get lost in love.	philosophy
The students adore your father,' a perfumed woman said to me. 'Aren't you lucky to live with such a charming man!' 'He's even more charming at home,' Mom said. 'Isn't he, Bea? He rides a unicycle through the house -' '- even up and down the stairs,' I added. 'He juggles eggs as he makes breakfast every morning -' '- which he serves to us in bed of course,' I said. '- and pulls fragrant bouquets out of his ass,' Mom finished. 'He's just a joy.	sarcasm
Your love is the best tincture; it can heal my soul.	philosophy
To grow unique beauty, be wild and live in the wilderness of your mind.	philosophy
Depression  Busy people have neither the time  nor the swimming skills to take a dive in a pool of depression.	philosophy
Explosive Heart [10w] + {Couplet}  A heart that's been played can become a hand grenade.	philosophy
Kindness is the greatest medicine that can heal all ills.	philosophy
"What I really needed wasn't a dose of school spirit; it was a glass of water, an aspirin the size of my fist, and the answers to the history exam that I hadn't studied for the night before. ""As long as I'm dreaming,"" I muttered, my words lost to the cacophony of the gym, ""I'd also like a pony, a convertible, and a couple of friends.""  ""That's a tall order."" I'd known that there were people sitting next to me, but I couldn't begin to imagine how one of them had heard me. <em>I</em> hadn't even heard me. ""Would you settle for a piece of gum, an orange Tic Tac, and an introduction the the school slut?"	sarcasm
A single moment of life has more miracles and worth than to live a whole life.	philosophy
"What Children See [10w]  ""A spider is an octopus who lives in the desert."	philosophy
"Extra Crispy Deranged Free Range Chickens  ""Hey, I may be delusional in believing you're delusional, but one thinks for sure, the person who bothers to read this shit is delusional."	philosophy
...while Daniel disappeared into his room, probably to limn the contours of some exquisite constellation of philosophical nonsense for his internship applications and gasp in the throes of his overachieving OCDness.	sarcasm
Time Traveler's Ennui  The future ain't what it use to be.	philosophy
The sun gave us our eyes to see the beauty of nature, his creation, through his light.	philosophy
A netizen speaks normally about one’s life’s first priority or preference through the profile picture; it’s often the person seen therein, but it could also be the product on which s/he lays the hand on or seen as an inset in this selfish and materialistic world.	philosophy
The sun can shine, and it can burn. You can shine your love with a softer power than the sun.	philosophy
You are a bubble in the ocean of life that has come to enjoy the glints of the morning light.	philosophy
"Most of the people you read about being turned meet vamps in clubs or over the Internet...Ew, did you...?"" ""Yes, I met a vampire on the Internet, went to his evil love den, and let him turn me, because I'm that brainless."	sarcasm
"Am dining at Goldini's Restaurant, Gloucester Road, Kensington. Please come at once and join me there. Bring with you a jemmy, a dark lantern, a chisel, and a revolver. S. H."" It was a nice equipment for a respectable citizen to carry through the dim, fog-draped streets."	sarcasm
"but,="""" soft!="""" what="""" light="""" through="""" yonder="""" window="""" breaks?""="""" [10w]=""""  ""Shut the fuck up! I think we got a burglar."	philosophy
Office Depot: Taking Care of Business...  ...with short breaks, bad management and no job advancement opportunities.	philosophy
Ambition soars and also slithers	philosophy
I find people with depression are like a broken clocks, and clock maker after clock maker will try to fix you, but sometimes time itself is the answer.	philosophy
Don’t feel shy—kiss. Kiss just to feel the joy of life and to get lost in the beauty of love.	philosophy
When you love yourself endlessly, you will find that the whole world loves you too.	philosophy
Maybe,” he said in a slow, rural drawl, “you could explain to me why I found you in the middle of an orgy.”  “Well,” I said, “if you’re going to be in an orgy, the middle is the best spot, isn’t it.	sarcasm
You believe I’m this way because I made a choice to extinguish the light in people’s lives? Because it revealed my darkness, therefore my pain of self-awareness? Au contra ire, Padre. Think of me as an inevitable stage in human evolution. My pure entropy simply conflicts with your naive vision of goodness. Extremes such as you and I have to be locked in combat. It is as natural for evil to hate good as it is for good to hate evil. Wouldn’t you agree?	philosophy
Finding Fault [10w] + {Couplet}  We find in others fault Whenever our wounds perceives salt.	philosophy
Wretched [10w]  Intelligence without compassion is an invitation to a wretched life.	philosophy
If you want to change situation, first change your thoughts and perceptions.	philosophy
They say beauty is in the eye of the beholder. I think the same could be said for time.	philosophy
"Ivypool felt her mouth drop open ""Hollyleaf? But...you you're dead!""  ""Obviously not,"" the newcomer replied with an edge to her voice."	sarcasm
The 'Ugly' Poet [10w]  Poets develop cleverness with words to compensate for their unattractiveness.	philosophy
Oh my dear! I think about you always and miss you forever.	philosophy
No one will love you more than you do. So love your self first.	philosophy
A family man shouldn't trade his peace for profits, it is the job of a businessman.	philosophy
"The Machismo Motto [10w]  ""When we are not hard as nails we get screwed."	philosophy
If you want to see magic, love someone and see the magical transformation.	philosophy
You were never born to make money. You were born to enjoy life and be happy. Instead you learned to make money and forgot how to be happy.	philosophy
Human half-truth logic, dates back to Adam and Eve, when he tried to deceive God with a truth, 'we knew we were naked so we hid', leaving God to understand that something was wrong with Adam's logic, because if Adam knew THE TRUTH, he would know that you can't hide from God.	philosophy
Atheism [10w]  Atheism is the tragic triumph of cold contemptuousness over gratitude.	philosophy
Dance on the stage of life with love in your heart, a smile on your face, and a great vision in your mind.	philosophy
Invest your capital of love to get the best dividend of a beautiful life filled with happiness.	philosophy
Knowledge was scattered treasure, education organized it into art, commerce and science.	philosophy
Hate [10w]  Love cannot hate eradicate ~ only a more ruthless hate can.	philosophy
"Who cares even if I didn't?!"" Conor shouted back. ""They're just stupid berries. Woo-hoo, <em>so scary</em>. Oh, please, please, save me from the <em>berries</em>!"" The monster looked at him quizzically. <em>How strange</em>, it said. <em>The words you say tell me you are scared of the berries, but your actions seems to suggest otherwise.</em>"	sarcasm
Failures and mistakes are lessons to be learned from. They are opportunities for growth.	philosophy
Retail [10w]  The first and last sale of the day are best.	philosophy
"I have tried to teach you the wonders of the spiritual world... ...I have tried to show how we mortals can attain such wisdom... ...and I've decided you're a pillock.  [click on the thumbnail, art by <a href=""https://www.goodreads.com/author/show/587327.Andrew_Christine"">Andrew Christine</a>]"	sarcasm
Children Learn to Love and Hate  A child understands love by three months  and hate by three years. How the child processes that understanding will shape his character for the next seventy.	philosophy
Athens, Texas Haiku  Blackeyed Pea Capital of the World. Yup, just another shithole.	philosophy
The fact is you cannot be intelligent merely by choosing your opinions. The intelligent man is not the man who holds such-and-such views but the man who has sound reasons for what he believes and yet does not believe it dogmatically. And opinions held for sound reasons have less emotional unity than the opinions of dogmatists because reason is non-party, favouring now one side and now another. That is what people find so unpleasant about it.	philosophy
Power is not found in muscles; power is found in the mind.	philosophy
Like a rose bud, my heart always desires to bloom and spread the fragrance of love, beauty, and kindness of mankind.	philosophy
Persistence  If persistence is the foundation of all success,  how come persistent liars and nags aren't more successful?	philosophy
October: This is one of the peculiarly dangerous months to speculate in stocks. The others are July, January, September, April, November, May, March, June, December, August and February.	sarcasm
Man vs. Chimp  Even chimpanzees are toolmakers, but only man has the unique honor of being  a Godmaker.	philosophy
Dream the life you desire. Then live it with passion and love.	philosophy
Alessa looked at Brennus giving him a smirk. “Brennus.” “Alessa.” “Still think that you are the God’s gift to all faeries?” “Still trying to convince yourself that I am not?” Brennus responded smirking arrogantly and leaning back in his chair.	sarcasm
The world is a dangerous place, but there is no better world. Remember every one of us is responsible to make the world a joyful place.	philosophy
"And what are your interests and hobbies, Nicholas?"" Annabel asked faintly, sounding like a cross between a television interviewer and a hostage. Nick considered this for a minute, and then said ""I like swords."" Annabel leaned over her plate and asked, her voice changing ""You fence?"" ""Not exactly,"" Nick drawled. ""I'm more freestyle."	sarcasm
Poets Be Realists!  Poets be realists! It's O.K. to keep your jobs ~ just don't quit your day dreams.	philosophy
Ballz Deep &amp; Strange Haiku [1]  Down the schnapps, third eye, cat flaps, pussy hole, fish lips, cha cha, ooo la la.	philosophy
You are not a human being living your life, but you are a spiritual being longing for life.	philosophy
If you are rude, cynical, habitually-sarcastic or pessimistic, your life options are going to be very limited.	sarcasm
New Year's Revolving Door [10w] + [10w] + {Couplet}  2015's revolution  commences with the overthrow  of New Year's resolution. Seek not absolution for our weak character's  immune to evolution.	philosophy
Animal Species Identity [10w]  Funny how animals know their own species without a mirror.	philosophy
I suppose the latest thing is to sit back and let Mr. Nobody from Nowhere make love to your wife.	sarcasm
Creativity is a flower of love and a light that is eager to enlighten others.	philosophy
Right. I can tell from the bat wings and the leeches that you three are just all happy-smiles and rainbows.	sarcasm
Missouri State Motto  Salus populi suprema lex esto [16] If our chiggers don't getcha',  Rush Limbaugh will.	philosophy
Time for the likeliest story since Mary told Joseph it was God’s.	sarcasm
You want a friend in this city? [Washington, DC.] Get a dog!	sarcasm
Music is the language of the heart. It can only sing songs of love.	philosophy
"I thought you were a drunk."" ""A drunk?"" ""Bloodshot eyes, dirty clothes, getting home in the wee hours of the morning, making a lot of noise, grouchy all the time as if you had a hangover… what else was I to think?"" He rubbed his face. ""Sorry, I wasn't thinking. I should have showered, shaved, and dressed in a suit before I came out to tell you that you were making enough noise to raise the dead."	sarcasm
Only from the soul can you see the magic.	philosophy
Travel [10w]  The difference between a traveler and vacationer is one arrives.	philosophy
The Stink of Hate {Couplet}  When haters write they raise a stink; must be the venom coursing through their ink.	philosophy
Movies [10w]  Movies were invented to sell buttery snacks and sugary drinks	philosophy
"... We are Nephilim; we fight our own battles.""  ""That's not precisely true, is it?"" said a velvety voice. It was Magnus Bane, wearing a long and glittering coat, multiple hoops in his ears, and a roguish expression. Clary had no idea where he'd come from. ""You lot have used the help of warlocks on more than one occasion in the past, and paid handsomely for it too.""  Malachi scowled. ""I don't remember the Clave inviting you into the Glass City, Magnus Bane.""  ""They didn't,"" Magnus said. ""Your wards are down.""  ""Really?"" the Consul's voice dripped sarcasm. ""I hadn't noticed.""  Magnus looked concerned. ""That's terrible. Someone should have told you."" He glanced at Luke. ""Tell him the wards are down."	sarcasm
Where do you come up with these zingers, Clint? Do you own some kind of joke factory in Indonesia where you've got eight-year-olds working ninety hours a week to deliver you that kind of top-quality witticism? There are boy bands with more original material.	sarcasm
Who Isn't [10w]  Psychotherapy's powerless once you assume  you're smarter than the therapist.	philosophy
Death, therefore, the most awful of evils, is nothing to us, seeing that, when we are, death is not come, and, when death is come, we are not.	philosophy
You must go on. I can’t go on. I’ll go on.	philosophy
Before giving up, try hard.	philosophy
I failed many times, but I always found myself stronger and wiser.	philosophy
Enlightenment is man's release from his self-incurred tutelage. Tutelage is man's inability to make use of his understanding without direction from another. Self-incurred is this tutelage when its cause lies not in lack of reason but in lack of resolution and courage to use it without direction from another. Sapere aude! 'Have courage to use your own reason!'- that is the motto of enlightenment.	philosophy
Hello?” I peered into the shadows. Two green circles flashed in the dark. I yelped, jumping backward and pressing myself against the wall. “And may I wish a very good morning to you, too, October.” The voice was amused, underscored by a chuckle like thick cream. “What happened? Did the prettiest little princess miss her carriage home?	sarcasm
Marriage Material  For women seeking a marriage partner, a man's sense of humor trumps good looks. Unfortunately for the funnymen out there, security trumps laughter.	philosophy
Her smiles are like the morning sun that illuminates my world.	philosophy
What is God? [17] [10w]  God has a fondness for cosmology and carbon-based life forms.	philosophy
The evil that is in the world almost always comes from ignorance, and good intentions may do as much harm as malevolence if they lack understanding.	philosophy
I want to be born and reborn as a cherry tree so that I may beautify this world with my blossoms, feed everyone with my nectar of love fruits, and purify the air with my calmly dancing leaves.	philosophy
Out-of-the-Box [10w]  I march to my own drummer in a drum circle.	philosophy
Nature is always talking to you, smiling to you, and singing to you. To understand, you just have to be open to listen with your heart and soul.	philosophy
Fine, it’s decided.” Vain resumed his stride. “I’ll do all the killing, and you do all the stuff that an Avun-Riah does. Whatever the hell that is.	sarcasm
Y, entonces, en ese instante que tan solo dura un segundo, el cerebro se encarga de abrir la cerradura del cofre en el cual guardas todo lo que aprecias. Cede de tal manera que la tapa se abre y todo lo que hay en el interior sale de forma tan rápida y tan fugaz que no puedes detenerlo.	philosophy
Love vs. Control [10w]  A lover you can control is not worthy of having.	philosophy
Vanessa insisted that film was exactly like poetry. Nothing necessarily had to happen; you just had to feel something.	philosophy
Busch Beer: Head for the mountains... [10w]  ...and fall off the precipice shitfaced.	philosophy
When you try hard to find happiness for other, you will unknowingly find yourself on the island of happiness.	philosophy
Do I look like the kind of person who wastes time turning goats into pin cushions?	sarcasm
"I thought about suicide all the time, but it seemed toomuch effort, swallowing all those pills or jumping off things. If I'd lived out in the country I would have found a quiet stretch of railway track, and lain on it, fallen asleep, so that I would never have known when my last moment came. In London, the minimum tube fare had gone up so much that even to get near the line cost a fortune. Suicide seemed an extravagance I couldn't afford. People never leave you alone, either; I knew that if I'd tried to lie down on the line, any number of commuters would have pulled me off again, so that I didn't delay their train.   There must have been murderers out there who wanted to kill, with no way of finding those who wanted to be dead. If there had been some way of contacting them, a date-with-death line, I would have called them to set up a meeting. The current ways of death seemed too haphazard; it was all left up to chance. Had Chance come up, tapped me on the shoulder, said ""Oi, you - long black tunnel, white light, off you go,"" I wouldn't have complained.  It was like having frostbite all over - feeling numb and in pain at the same time."	sarcasm
Close your eyes to feel deeply the tranquility and serenity of the mind.	philosophy
Endless Childhood [10w] + {Couplet}  Put off summer's end And adulthood's vexingburdens shall suspend.	philosophy
You came from love, to live in love, to give away love, and to become love.	philosophy
To enjoy the beauty and abundance of life, revitalize your life.	philosophy
Virtual Reality [10w]  Bliss is a virtual-reality headset  coupled with a virtual-reality hooker software.	philosophy
Happiness is not something you pursue, it is a state of mind and a feeling of positivity, within.	philosophy
Storm [10w]  Clouds darken to X-rays revealing the tumorous thunder resounding within.	philosophy
True love perceives no impossibilities.	philosophy
I define my journey, I enjoy it too.	philosophy
To realize your imagination, go with trust in the direction of your destination.	philosophy
I have church on Sunday.” “Of course you do.” “You’re welcome to come along.” “Thanks, but I’m allergic to incense.” “That’s a shame.” “It’s the bane of my existence.” - Beth and Jake	sarcasm
Heartbreak [10w]  Heartbreak’s like a heart attack but without the hospital bills.	philosophy
The whole is more than the sum of its parts.	philosophy
I couldn't hack it in Hollywood, my writing's wasn't bad enough.	sarcasm
Once upon a time, I dreamt I was a butterfly, fluttering hither and thither, to all intents and purposes a butterfly. I was conscious only of my happiness as a butterfly, unaware that I was myself. Soon I awaked, and there I was, veritably myself again. Now I do not know whether I was then a man dreaming I was a butterfly, or whether I am now a butterfly, dreaming I am a man.	philosophy
You are magnetic, and your magnet is your love.	philosophy
Avery  If a boy named Avery marries a girl named Avery, will they name or just label their children?	philosophy
I am not pretty; I am not ugly. I am not true, and I am not false. I am just me—a reality, a conception, and not a misinterpretation.	philosophy
With love, accept everything that life has to offer you. Life will be easy, kind, magnificent, and magical to you.	philosophy
The greatest lesson we should learn is that from the moment we are born we already have everything we need within ourselves.	philosophy
Well, what do you want me to do? Head butt my way through a few inches of steel?!” she snarled. “Well, that would certainly earn you a cookie!	sarcasm
So you don't think that God created the brain?' I asked. 'No, I don't think that,' Dr. Enderby replied. 'I think that the brain created God. Because the human brain, however wonderful, is still quite fallible - as both you and I know. It's always searching for answers, but even when it's working as it should, its explanations are rarely perfect - especially when it comes to very big, complicated questions. That's why we have to nurture it. We have to give it plenty of space to develop.	philosophy
Even a soul submerged in sleep  is hard at work and helps  make something of the world.	philosophy
Find an opportunity to serve and success will be yours.	philosophy
Because there are three classes of intellects: one which comprehends by itself; another which appreciates what others comprehend; and a third which neither comprehends by itself nor by the showing of others; the first is the most excellent, the second is good, the third is useless.	philosophy
"Hi, I'm Dick,"" I said. ""Yeah, I've heard that about you."	sarcasm
More people die from the hunger of love than from the lack of food.	philosophy
The smile of roses expresses the beauty of the heart.	philosophy
In life, love is not everything, but without love, life is nothing.	philosophy
When you believe and act on your dreams, your dreams will become a reality.	philosophy
To dream your wildest dream, find your deepest desire.	philosophy
Oasis  Before you, camels bend their knees and wait -- before you, palms fan their fronds and supplicate -- before you, my holy oasis, before you. With you, I shall spend the night -- with you, and no other.  I draw from your well and thirst no more. I sleep suspended in your breath -- on your magic carpet I unfurl my dreams. Odd, how my dreams and waking are one and the same! For I dream I sleep and dream that I hold you in my arms -- fanned by the breath of my oasis -- fanned by the palms of my oasis -- I sleep with you, and with no other -- I dream with you, and with no other.	philosophy
Poetry happens when there is nothing to say but you have a volcano hidden inside you waiting to erupt.	philosophy
Nation needs soldiers, politics needs civilians.	philosophy
Galoshes Haiku  Cherry blossoms bloom in the morning mist. Thank God I took my galoshes.	philosophy
Measure your life not by years but by adventures.	philosophy
I am in love when I feel that my soul belongs to the universe.	philosophy
You can give me detention. Oh, wait, that's right...you aren't the boss of me. So I guess you can just bite me. -Dean	sarcasm
Embalmed  Butterflies rise from the mouth of the dead  like planes over Dulles or O’Hare, masking her  unspeakable void in a procession of iridescent  blips across the control tower monitor.  Can these abandoned doors be the lips I kissed --  lips I once explored like an underground river,  a maze reaching to the core of her secret fire?  Her heart, Gilgamesh rain upon the Tigris plains,  beats no more but sits in buttoned devotion,  parent proud to her bountiful yield.    The sapped earth, now embalmed, rests  until the next sowing of the dead.	philosophy
Democracy, Really [10w]  A democracy is free to replace one tyranny with another.	philosophy
Love is a magical power. If love is not a living magic, then what is?	philosophy
Music fills the void between the heart and soul and connects them in heavenly delights.	philosophy
I believe that life is a beautiful journey to find out the beauty of life.	philosophy
Epic vs. Great Poetry [10w]  Epic poetry's about the extraordinary; Great poetry is about the commonplace.	philosophy
Note to Self: Patent #10w  Diving Mask for fish filled with water when oceans disappear.	philosophy
Yes. Yes I am. I am a completely demented misogynist.	sarcasm
"It was stealing her breath, imbecile. Go get a towel."" -Christophe, Strange Angels by Lili St. Crow"	sarcasm
The Doppler Defense  I went to court in Manhattan and pleaded 'not guilty' to 'running a red light'. I used the 'Doppler Effect defense', saying I approached the red light at such speed that the frequency of the red light wave from the traffic lamp shifted to a green light wave relative to me, the observer. The judge agreed with my scientific explanation and dropped the red light charge. He then and upgraded the charge to a speeding ticket and sentenced me to '30 days of community service in another dimension'.   Man, do I fucking hate Brooklyn.	philosophy
"Get the point?"" I asked, offering the boys a triumphant smile. Gabriel, Zeb, and Dick stared at me, aghast.  ""What? Sarcastic postkill comeback. Isn't that what you're supposed to do in situations like this? Too harsh?"	sarcasm
Trust in God, but trust yourself first.	philosophy
The Tragedy of Forgetfulness  When you stop loving someone, in order to heal your memory of them begins to fade. Unfortunately,  the good ones fade with the bad and suddenly years of your life have disappeared.	philosophy
Life always begins with triumph but tends to end with tragedy.	philosophy
Love is for life; life is for love.	philosophy
Love vs. Mental Illness [10w]  Love, like mental illness,  comes on gradually and then suddenly.	philosophy
When all else fails...try smoking a good cigar and have a stiff drink. If that doesn't work...have another.	sarcasm
Getting Even  Bring a gun to a knife-fight, Bring a nuke to a war. Even if you don't win, You'll even the score.  ““”̿ ̿ ̿ ̿ ̿’̿’̵͇̿̿з=(•̪ⓧ)=ε/̵͇̿̿/̿ ̿ ̿ ̿ ̿	philosophy
Switch Hitter [10w]  Aphorisms are penned in my left brain, poetry, my right.	philosophy
What are the differences between computer and humanity?? If computer get hot, there is a fan for the computer. If a man get hot, which will mean to much information in head, the humanity start to masturbate! But the question is why computer have one fan and humanity have two hands?? It's simple as that! Fan can be replaced, but one hand can't be replaced if it's broken, so it's gave one more if you have problem with the one to use the other. Take it as a gift!	philosophy
Fabulous Creatures and Trust Issues [10w]  Never trust a sheep in wolf’s clothing despite the unicorn.	philosophy
My kiss is my promise written in my heart with color of your love.	philosophy
Sharia Justice [10w]  Sharia justice is a lynch mob masquerading as Allah's will.	philosophy
All good that we do is just for you.	philosophy
Biggest Problem with 10w [10w]  The biggest problem with aphorisms is people believe they're true.	philosophy
If you didn't have me to rake you over the coals now and then, there wouldn't be any fire in your life at all.	sarcasm
Sex Kitchens of the Future [10w]  Her entire kitchen was made of silicone ~ including her breasts.	philosophy
"Nobody liked my plan.  ""You want us to split up?"" Chase asked, his brow wrinkling in obvious bewilderment.  Lake echoed the sentiment, her voice flat. ""Why would we split up? There's four of us and one of him."" After a brief moment's pause, she amended her head count to better reflect the real odds. ""Three and a half of us, one of him.""  Three and a half, as in three werewolves, one human. I narrowed my eyes. ""For your sake, Lake, I'm going to pretend that Devon is the half.""  Dev, unquestionably the strongest person in the room, just shrugged and let me keep my delusions. ""It's because of my petite stature,"" he said. All 6'4"" of him."	sarcasm
We are all teachers, we all have knowledge and experiences that can teach others.	philosophy
When you don't fit in anymore, eat less.	philosophy
I [10w]  'I' is a wellspring in the desert overflowing with life.	philosophy
Coincidences are like unicorns.you can believe in them all you want,but that doesn't make them real	sarcasm
A Prayer  God, be my light in pitch-black night; Show me the path from wrong to right That I might in Your hands be delivered later, Having eclipsed myself to become something greater.	philosophy
He just waited until I stopped talking and said, 'Jesus, kid, you're almost a detective. All you need now is a gun, a gut, and three ex-wives. So what's your theory?	sarcasm
...even though I was getting better education at home than any of the kids in Toyah, I'd need to go to finishing school when I was thirteen, both to acquire social graces and to earn a diploma. Because in this world, Dad said, it's not enough to have a fine education. You need a piece of paper to prove you go it.	sarcasm
Loose Canons of the Spoken Word  The time worn test for poetry -- that it become canonical Is that it must upon rereading be just as fresh and just as fonical. We search for a voice unique, pretending to seek’ authenticity’, Looking askance at the poet whose dance does not conform with this felicity. I'm so fed up with these cryptic clowns, the ‘MFA writing program wiz’. Just gimme a poet, just this once, who fucking tells it like it is! My sewer mouth, my pissed off shout, may not be worthy of anthology So, Norton and Oxford Engish, go suck my cock without apology.	philosophy
Touch your enemies’ heart with love. It will bloom flowers of gratitude and joy.	philosophy
The Human Race  Pleasure is the sprint. Contentment is the 5 mile. Happiness is the marathon.	philosophy
Opportunities Come a Knockin' [10w]  Never miss the opportunity to fuck or write poetry.	philosophy
You can never deplete your love by giving it away. Why not give yourself to love?	philosophy
"Humble Wishes [10w]  ""God, all I simply ask is that I become perfect."	philosophy
"How can she create with all your negative energy?"" ""Yeah, man. You're bringing us down."" ""This is about as low as it gets,"" Ariel said. ""Where did you get those ridiculous black berets?"" Moth adjusted his recently donned beatnik attire. ""This is what the hip cats wear , daddy-o."" ""Can you dig it?"" Cobweb stroked a few wisps of fake chin hair, while the others nodded and snapped their fingers."	sarcasm
You shall only continue to feel bitter when you continue to make your mind the door step for footprints of bitterness! When you mind your mind, you mind your mind, you mind your heart, you mind your body and you mind your spirit! The only rest stop in your body for bitterness is your mind. Don’t forget! mind your mind!	philosophy
We often focus on what is wrong and complain that nothing is beautiful.	philosophy
Say No to Drugs Commercials  The image of an egg sizzling in a frying pan is not your brain on drugs. It's just a fucking omelet.	philosophy
Open your wings, fly toward the sky  To live in your dream, even if it is high	philosophy
"I wanted to wake you straightaway, but I knew I had to wait several hours to ensure you were safely recovered."" ""What! How long has it been?"" ""Five minutes. I got bored."	sarcasm
The essence of life is love, and that is my wealth and influence.	philosophy
I have no money, but my wallet is overflowing with love.	philosophy
When you anxiously await to emerge from deep darkness, you will realize the beauty of light.	philosophy
Love with passion. Love for no reason.	philosophy
The State of the World Attests to This: [10w]  Common people are too easily manipulated or stupid to vote.	philosophy
To enjoy more, wonder more and smile more.	philosophy
"Kişi sevdiğini hep sonradan mı anlar? Dilegetirişin çifteanlamlılığı (Türkçenin bazen inanılmaz olan bağlantısallığı) da yerli yerindeydi: ""Sevdiği'ni"" / ""Sevdiğini"" Seni de, seni sevdiğimi de , sonradan anlamıştım; sen de, şimdi, gitmiş olduğundan, bu anlamanın da hiçbir önemi kalmamıştı artık. Bir yitim, bir hiçlik, bir boşluk daha bulmuştum, işte bu anlamla- Bunu hemen yazmam gerektiğini düşündüm. Geri döndüm, yazdım."	philosophy
"Pun vs. Puny [10w] + {Couplet}  ""His penis was a pun, judging by the predictable groans. The hours set by innuendos, the seconds by the moans."	philosophy
With every moment and every heartbeat, we change even though we still fear change.	philosophy
I want to rekindle the inner fire that is burning in you. I want it to come out to take away the darkness.	philosophy
Invest your money on ideas for fastest returns; invest your money on land for the safest return.	philosophy
Werner Heisenberg Walks into a Bar  Werner Heisenberg walks into a bar. The bartender asks, 'What will you have? Heisenberg ponders the question for 30 seconds and says, 'I'm still uncertain. There is a fuzziness in nature, a fundamental limit to what I can know about the behavior of quantum particles in the liquor in that shot glass. On these subatomic scales, the most I can hope for is to calculate probabilities for where the liquor is and how it will behave once it enters my bloodstream.' The bartender says, 'Listen egghead, stop your jabbering. This is not rocket science. Either order a drink or get the fuck out of my bar.' Heisenberg leaves in frustration and at that very moment, in walks the rocket scientist, Wernher von Braun. The bartender grabs his bat from behind the bar and says to himself, 'Achh scheiße, here comes trouble.	philosophy
Marriage is nothing but a commitment to care and share.	philosophy
Since you stand in the same bridge with him why don't you two just jump off.	sarcasm
Notoriety vs. Anonymity [10w]  'Tis better to live with notoriety, than die of anonymity.	philosophy
When I see that humanity is suffering, it tears my heart. I cry, and then I extend my hand to help heal my heart.	philosophy
Kaddish  Kaddish for Mrs. Ginsberg is not Kaddish, For your mom raised a Buddhist and mine raised a Jew. You'll zazen for your loss, I'll daven for mine. I do not belittle your loss, your grief is no less than mine. But by abandoning your tribe, אלון, Who now will say Kaddish for you?	philosophy
All I wanted to do, ever, was be myself.	philosophy
Mmm Mmm Good Gimmick  Campbell's Soup announced today it's introducing 'QWERTY' soup for our more computer literate children. Who are they kidding? They're just relabeling the old Alphabet Soup.	philosophy
It is with this movement, with the passage and dissolution of impressions, images, sensations, that analysis leaves off—that continual vanishing away, that strange, perpetual weaving and unweaving of ourselves.	philosophy
Bagels and Lox  Life's an everything bagel; love is a schmear of scallion cream cheese; and lox, no matter how you cut it, is resistant to dumbass metaphors.	philosophy
You must love when your eyes are closed and love when your eyes are open. Love endlessly.	philosophy
Stagnation is death. With love, accept and welcome changes.	philosophy
When I am searching for something, it is always waiting for me with open arms.	philosophy
It is easy to hold on, but it is difficult to let it go.	philosophy
I don't understand German myself. I learned it at school, but forgot every word of it two years after I had left, and have felt much better ever since.	sarcasm
I am patriotic. When the Pledge of Allegiance is going on, I solemnly place my right hand over my genitals.	sarcasm
"This is where you all live?"" Asked John as they ascended the stairs. ""It's small."" ""This is just our Thanksgiving house,"" Scott muttered. ""We have a house for every day of the year."	sarcasm
Please Don't Commemorate Me Just Yet [10w]  The living are only commemorated when they're at death's door.	philosophy
Well, how do we get out of this place?” Evyette’s voice shaking slightly.  “We can’t.” If Kaleb felt any hopelessness he wasn’t conveying it. He looked around arduously, “Unless we find someone willing to help us.”  “Oh well, that should not be a problem at all,” Tristan retorted throwing his hands up, “considering everything so far has tried to kill us!	sarcasm
Fas est ab hoste doceri. One should learn even from one's enemies.	philosophy
"Not that I knew who you were until last month. But now that I've got you, I'm not letting you go."" ""You're not?"" Blake stared at her in irritated confusion. What was her game? ""Do you think I'm an idiot?"" he spat out. ""No,"" she said. ""I've just escaped from a den of idiots, so I'm well familiar with the breed, and you're something else entirely. I am, however, hoping you're not a terribly good shot."	sarcasm
When you are in love nothing matters except the bliss of love.	philosophy
Thorn [5w]  Every thorn has its rose.	philosophy
I suppose therefore that all things I see are illusions; I believe that nothing has ever existed of everything my lying memory tells me. I think I have no senses. I believe that body, shape, extension, motion, location are functions. What is there then that can be taken as true? Perhaps only this one thing, that nothing at all is certain.	philosophy
Only positive thoughts can inspire you to positive actions.	philosophy
"That's great,"" Katie said. ""Actually, it's revolutionary. If you can work and be in love at the same time, you're the first woman I ever knew that could. Maybe you're the missing link, Amanda.""  Maybe you ought to get a job for the 'Ladies Home Journal.' They like simplistic shit like that."	sarcasm
Stumble  When you don't know how to end a sentence you've stumbled upon a truth.	philosophy
We appreciate things not for their beauty but for how they kindle our minds’ generosity.	philosophy
Next to love, kindness is the most beautiful thing.	philosophy
Indiscernible Love [10w]  True love's so effortless,  others can hardly see it's happening.	philosophy
Entrepreneurs [10w]  A man should be judged by the company he sells.	philosophy
I've heard that sarcasm is no substitute for cleverness	sarcasm
Dressed to Kill [10w]  At fashionable parties, vegetarians should not be dressed to kill.	philosophy
Excellence is not an event but a habit.	philosophy
Forgiveness reveals the ultimate beauty of life.	philosophy
Life is nothing but a clump of mud; your thoughts define which statue you can mold out of it.	philosophy
Love on Fire [10w]  A man in love cannot see fire or smell smoke.	philosophy
Vegard and Riston's job today was to guard and protect me. And considering that I was in a tower room in the Guardians' citadel, it looked like a pretty plum assignment. I mean, how much trouble could a girl get into under heavy guard in a tower room? Notice I didn't ask that question out loud. No need to rub Fate's nose in something when I'd been tempting her enough lately.  Phaelan had generously his guard services as well, just in case something happened to me that my Guardian bodyguards couldn't handle. Phaelan's guard-on-duty stance resembled his pirate-on-shore-leave stane of leaning back in a chair with his feet up, but instead of a tavern table, his boots were doing a fine job of holding down the windowsill. I don't know how I'd ever felt safe without him.	sarcasm
To see the unseen, you must see through the beauty of love.	philosophy
Minho snickered and leaned back in his chair. “Man, you are one butt-load of sunshine, let me tell you.	sarcasm
The boy in war is, to an extent found in almost no other form of work, inextricably bound up with the men and materials of his labor. … He is a fragment of American earth wedged into an open hillside in Korea and reworked by its unbearable sun and rain. … He is a light brown vessel of red Australian blood that will soon be opened and emptied across the rocks and ridges of Gallipoli from which he can never again become distinguishable.	philosophy
A Roaming Gang of Chipmunks: Episode 1, Season IV  When TV crime show writers exhaust their fresh ideas by the Third season, they starting working the backstories  until their whodunits resemble a Mexican telenovela when we discover the tough female lead detective who shot her way through the glass ceiling in an all boy's world was gangbanged as a gawky teenager selling Girl Scout cookies by a roaming gang of chipmunks, aka, Una Banda Itinerante de Ardillas.	philosophy
We often participate in a war only to lose our hearts and to gain a few pieces of land.	philosophy
Self-Help  I asked the bookseller, 'Do you have any self-help books for addiction?' He said, 'If I tell you,  I'd be enabling you.	philosophy
Wouldn't want to miss a war, would I?	sarcasm
"Virginia Haiku  ""Bowl of chili for me. She'll have the Cheesy Western. Both with, add a slab."	philosophy
Watching TV at my own time. Its beneficiary, but watching TV at its own time . Its time wasting.	philosophy
Reality is a perceptual illusion we have accepted as truth.	philosophy
Jace said that the cast of Gilligan's Island could do something anatomically unlikely with themselves.	sarcasm
The most powerful force that can transform an enemy into a friend is simple kindness.	philosophy
Inspiration works well at boiling point.	philosophy
Fame [10w]  Fame has a funny way of         rewriting your entire past.	philosophy
There is no escape—we pay for the violence of our ancestors.	philosophy
We are prisoners of our thoughts. We like to imprison everyone in the same prison and think that it will solve the problems of humanity. Yet everyone is unique; let them live freely and with harmony.	philosophy
Mythbusters [10w]  Snipers will assure you safety in numbers is a myth.	philosophy
An enlightened life can be so powerful that it can illuminate the whole world.	philosophy
"Writer's Prayers That Don't Work  ""Lord, lead me from the banality of everyday life, to the gleaming one beneath the surface."	philosophy
"While it has been clear that right and wrong is nonexistent, I can't say that the concept of 'right or wrong' isn't needed. Because of ignorance, we still need authorities to set up rules and say 'vandalism is wrong, killing is wrong, et cetera.'  People ask, ""So, vandalism isn't wrong? Killing isn't wrong?"" I answer, ""Uneducated people say that vandalism is wrong. Educated people say that vandalism destroys the things that many people have spent their lives making. Uneducated people say that killing is wrong. Educated people say that killing takes away the only thing that matters which is lives."" The more educated people are, the freer they will be, and the words 'right or wrong' won't be needed anymore.  There was a bomb again in Brussels yesterday. I laughed. In the past, we had tyrannies because people didn't know what they could do and what they couldn't do. Now, we have democracy. Do we deserve democracy? Do we deserve freedom? No, we don't deserve freedom. We certainly don't deserve democracy. People are still voting for Donald Trump. And people still bomb other people. And socioeconomic gap is still high. Ignorance is still prevalent, so, if you ask me, ""Do we deserve democracy? Do we deserve freedom? Do we deserve the world without authority, the world of truth, the world of peace?"" I answer, ""No, we don't.""  So, when you hear your president shouting 'Peace!', your government speaking 'Freedom!', ask them 'Are you educated?'  Someone asks, ""So, instead of 'right or wrong', you will now set up the rules about what we can do and we can't do?"" I answer, ""No. When will you understand? I stand for the world without authority, the world of truth, the world of peace. OK, forget the truth, forget my book, forget my paper. Let me expand science for you. You will let your fellow humans who are more educated than you set up the rules for you. When all the people are finally educated, please come back and reread my book and my paper, and when you finally understand them, please live in the world of no authority, the world of truth, the world of peace. Me? I probably have been gone by then.""  There is, however, a problem with how many educated people there are in the world. In my paper, I prove that right and wrong is nonexistent by showing that everything that exists is not wrong and is not right because everything that exists is the result of the thing(s) that happened before it and everything that exists can’t be right because future doesn’t exist. I wrote that terrorism is caused by capitalism (democracy) and capitalism (democracy) is caused by death.  This paper was rejected.  When educated people fail, there goes all your hope in the world."	philosophy
Lose your self to find yourself.	philosophy
test post please ignore  .     Gotcha!	philosophy
Your smile shines like the morning sun.	philosophy
Here she is,” her mum said, cooing at the baby, “my special girl.” “Oh, cheers,” Valkyrie said, rolling her eyes.	sarcasm
It is very difficult to break free from the prison of conformity and fixed false beliefs without changing our level of consciousness and awareness.	philosophy
No love is perfect; it is beautiful even when it is imperfect.	philosophy
Attachment is the source of pain, but detachment is the source of joy.	philosophy
You are always free when you have the ability to think.	philosophy
Let the sunrise of every morning bring you the light of love and joy.	philosophy
We are born and reborn again and again. We are changing with the waves of time.	philosophy
Find your life’s purpose and dare to pursue it.	philosophy
"Mind the Gap  You are the kiss which manifests In the locus where heaven meets earth. You are the kiss which traverses the gap between God's and Adam's finger -- a verdant oasis on the intersection of infinite smallness and infinite greatness, the living earth in the cosmic graveyard of stars, the period beneath the scythe of the question, the period beneath the needle of exclamation, the tortoise and hare point where parallel lines meet in this universe of infinite questions without answers, in this universe of infinite wonder with exclamation, in this universe of infinite mystery where we ask ""Why is there something and not nothing?!"" And behold the answer In a kiss."	philosophy
In my imagination, I can feel your presence. I can feel the warmth of your passionate hug. I can hear your sweet voice. I can hear the song of your beating heart.	philosophy
I can always choose, but I ought to know that if I do not choose, I am still choosing.	philosophy
Paint your life with the colors of kindness so that you may find the true bliss of happiness.	philosophy
Forgive me, Your Grace. Are you suggesting a woman is some sort of … piece of fruit to you? One squeeze, and you know if she’s ripe?	sarcasm
A pen, a piece of white paper, and an idea can create a new you.	philosophy
You are not what you think, but you are the reflection of what you think.	philosophy
"Facebook's New Marketing Slogan  ""We can only be lonesome together. 900,000,000 served."	philosophy
No-brainers [10w]  No-brainers are challenging enough for people with no fucking brains.	philosophy
There is no stress. It is a misinterpretation of a situation. Just change your perception and stress will melt away.	philosophy
"Sam gave Captain Suicide a droll stare. ""How did you die again? Oh wait, I know this. 'I can take 'em. I don't need to wait for reinforcements. I can do it myself.' How'd that work out for you again?"	sarcasm
Did He Do the Right Thing?  I walked out of the room.  I did not stay to watch my beloved draw her last breath  because I didn't want all my magical memories of her  tainted by the profanity of death.	philosophy
"... As could the sarcasm in her voice. ""yes, she's bleeding to deat Lu upstairs, but i thought I'd avoid telling you right away, because I like to draw the suspense out."	sarcasm
"Mystics are all a bit funny in the head anyway,"" the priest added cynically, ""which is why the church locks them all up in mental hospitals and euphemistically calls these institutions monasteries."	sarcasm
You shall only continue to feel bitter when you continue to make your mind the doorstep for footprints of bitterness! When you mind your mind, you mind your mind, you mind your heart, you mind your body and you mind your spirit! The only rest stop in your body for bitterness is your mind. Don’t forget! Mind your mind!	philosophy
Oy Vey Haiku  (g)Nat's sphincter clenched. The skinhead asked, 'You a Jew? Minyan's one man short.	philosophy
...Though drowned was just as dead as any other way of dying.	sarcasm
Hope is the boat we ride to reach the shore of our desires.	philosophy
The smile is the most beautiful ornament that you can wear.	philosophy
Life is nothing but a few ecstatic dancing atoms.	philosophy
Does Hallmark make a “Sorry I tried to drink your blood and touched you in a vaguely inappropriate manner” card? I settled for “How much do you remember?	sarcasm
Fly in the sky of imagination to find the true solution.	philosophy
The doctor seemed especially troubled by the fact of the robbery having been unexpected, and attempted in the night-time; as if it were the established custom of gentlemen in the housebreaking way to transact business at noon, and to make an appointment, by the twopenny post, a day or two previous.	sarcasm
Love Undeniable [10w]  A lover may deny anything to their lover but love.	philosophy
The morning sunshine brings the message that life is so bright and beautiful that the darkness of night has no power to hide it.	philosophy
If you can think it, you can become it.	philosophy
When you choose one way out of many, all the ways you don't take are snuffed out like candles, as if they'd never existed.	philosophy
In and Out [10w]  Our infant blanket in the externalization of our mother's womb.  ღ ♛ ღ ♛ ღ ♛ ღ ♛ ღ   In truth,  we should be married under, sling our newborn babies in and  after death be shrouded  in  the same infant blanket we were taken home  from the hospital  in.	philosophy
It may be inevitable that mankind has to suffer so that it may gain experience to transcend and transform her collective consciousness.	philosophy
Love without judging. Love without reason.	philosophy
"Caro: ""Bite me."" Ruby: ""I gave that up in kindergarten."	sarcasm
"The platform underneath the balloon fell on her as she was trying to escape,"" she explained. ""She was crushed."" ""I'd have been disappointed too."	sarcasm
Primer of Love [Lesson 17]  Let the morning bring me word  of your unfailing love,  for I have put my trust in you.  Show me the way I should go,  for to you I entrust my life. ~ Psalm 143:8  Lesson 17) We should love each other the way  we should love God --  with a feeling of eternal gratitude.  Take nothing for granted - especially each other. Like God, sustain your love every second in a new act of creation. But the gratitude for yesterday's love should be eternal - a thread connecting the past with the forever present.	philosophy
Death [10w]  What the the dying most resent is  life goes on.	philosophy
Once I got away from him, I was smart enough to stay away from him. To hunt that one is as wise as to go hunting a porcupine.   I cannot leave this alone, Nighteyes.  I understand. I am the same about porcupines.	philosophy
Your success should create a path that inspires others to follow.	philosophy
There's More Than Two Choices [10w]  Don't take the road less traveled; blaze your own path.	philosophy
A sign of gratitude is a thankful smile.	philosophy
Poetry Calling [10w]  Poetry's not a calling. It's a whispering in your ear.	philosophy
If anyone on the verge of action should judge himself according to the outcome, he would never begin.	philosophy
How Hard? [10w]  Fuck’em hard enough to make their breasts move like Jell-O.	philosophy
Hypocrisy [10w]  Religion without hypocrisy doesn't exist; that's man's imperfection, not God's.	philosophy
Never pray for life to be easier, but pray for courage to go on and still enjoy every moment of beauty.	philosophy
Tears are a wonderful thing; they wash, they warm, they are the rivers that run through our minds, seeking release. In their salinity they remind us that we came from the sea. Our cells know this, and go about their machinations, ceaselessly recreating the primordial brine. We are water, whether or not the Spirit of God once hovered formless and magnificent above the idea of us, in some ancient place before the Singularity uncoiled itself into space and time.	philosophy
Never lose your curious mind.	philosophy
Life is so transient and ephemeral; we will not be here after a breath. So think better, think deeply, think with kindness, and write it with love so that it may live a little longer.	philosophy
Love is a hidden treasure. You never know you have it until someone special reveals it.	philosophy
Hope opens the door of opportunity and shines the way to possibilities.	philosophy
"What - what - what are you doing?"" he demanded. ""I am almost six hundred years old,"" Magnus claimed, and Ragnor snorted, since Magnus changed his age to suit himself every few weeks. Magnus swept on. ""It does seem about time to learn a musical instrument."" He flourished his new prize, a little stringed instrument that looked like a cousin of the lute that the lute was embarrassed to be related to. ""It's called a charango. I am planning to become a charanguista!"" ""I wouldn't call that an instrument of music,"" Ragnor observed sourly. ""An instrument of torture, perhaps."" Magnus cradled the charango in his arms as if it were an easily offended baby. ""It's a beautiful and very unique instrument! The sound box is made from an armadillo. Well, a dried armadillo shell."" ""That explains the sound you're making,"" said Ragnor. ""Like a lost, hungry armadillo."" ""You are just jealous,"" Magnus remarked calmly. ""Because you do not have the soul of a true artiste like myself."" ""Oh, I am positively green with envy,"" Ragnor snapped. ""Come now, Ragnor. That's not fair,"" said Magnus. ""You know I love it when you make jokes about your complexion."" Magnus refused to be affected by Ragnor's cruel judgments. He regarded his fellow warlock with a lofty stare of superb indifference, raised his charango, and began to play again his defiant, beautiful tune. They both heard the staccato thump of frantically running feet from within the house, the swish of skirts, and then Catarina came rushing out into the courtyard. Her white hair was falling loose about her shoulders, and her face was the picture of alarm. ""Magnus, Ragnor, I heard a cat making a most unearthly noise,"" she exclaimed. ""From the sound of it, the poor creature must be direly sick. You have to help me find it!"" Ragnor immediately collapsed with hysterical laughter on his windowsill. Magnus stared at Catarina for a moment, until he saw her lips twitch. ""You are conspiring against me and my art,"" he declared. ""You are a pack of conspirators."" He began to play again. Catarina stopped him by putting a hand on his arm. ""No, but seriously, Magnus,"" she said. ""That noise is appalling."" Magnus sighed. ""Every warlock's a critic."" ""Why are you doing this?"" ""I have already explained myself to Ragnor. I wish to become proficient with a musical instrument. I have decided to devote myself to the art of the charanguista, and I wish to hear no more petty objections."" ""If we are all making lists of things we wish to hear no more . . . ,"" Ragnor murmured. Catarina, however, was smiling. ""I see,"" she said. ""Madam, you do not see."" ""I do. I see it all most clearly,"" Catarina assured him. ""What is her name?"" ""I resent your implication,"" Magnus said. ""There is no woman in the case. I am married to my music!"" ""Oh, all right,"" Catarina said. ""What's his name, then?"" His name was Imasu Morales, and he was gorgeous."	sarcasm
God vs. Satan [10w]  Why can't God and Satan get along? They're both detail-oriented.	philosophy
"Non est ad astra mollis e terris via"" - ""There is no easy way from the earth to the stars"	philosophy
Your love is my diamond that I want to wear near my heart. Your hug is my heaven where I want to belong always.	philosophy
Writers and storytellers are all liars, poets are the only ones who can write down souls, not just poems.	philosophy
Promising vs. Promises  A promising life comes from a childhood without broken promises.	philosophy
Time is standing still; we are moving with the waves of life.	philosophy
Be kind to him who does not deserve your kindness.	philosophy
Discord says it's a good idea. That's comforting.	sarcasm
The Sound of Killing [10w] + [10w]  A doe, a deer, a femaledeer in my headlights.  A doe, a deer, a femaledeer on my sunroof.	philosophy
The time you spend loving is the most valuable time of your life.	philosophy
Thomas: Is it [my brain] fixed? Brenda: It worked, judging from the fact that you're not trying to kill us anymore...	sarcasm
That's a good attitude. You should hate me more, curse me more, and detest me! Then you should take the power of that hatred and use it to survive this rotten world.	sarcasm
In 1803, President Jefferson oversaw the purchase of this land from the French for $15 million. It doesn't sound like much for an area three times the size of France itself but given that they'd stolen it from the Native Americans in the first place, I suppose they couldn't grumble. Once some debts had been wiped and estate agents had taken their commission, Napoleon's France ended up pocketing a little more than $8 million. Which is about how much it cost Pepsi Cola to secure the services of Britney Spears. Times have changed.	sarcasm
When kindness is your religion, then caring is your prayer.	philosophy
His voice, the very sound of rolling eyes.	sarcasm
..her smile, which was her pretty feature, was never so pretty as when her sprightly phrase had a scratch lurking in it.	sarcasm
I dream like a dew drop in the night Then glitter in the morning sunlight Then it evaporates to embrace the sky	philosophy
There are two kinds of people in this world: Those who believe there are two kinds of people in this world and those who are smart enough to know better.	philosophy
It's Thursday afternoon, and we have sports. These are the choices for the girls: watching an invitational cricket game; studying in one of the classrooms; or watching the senior rugby league. As you can imagine, I'm torn.	sarcasm
Kindness is the beauty of the heart and the smiles of the mind.	philosophy
Blindly believing something often comes from societal conformity which is a sign of a lack of deep knowledge and imaginative consciousness.	philosophy
TWO TIT MICE WALK INTO A BAR...  Bartender says, 'What will ya' have?' The two tit mice say, 'Tat.' 'Tat.' Thank God the tit mice weren't a stutterers as well, or they'd say, 'Tat, Tat, Tat, Tat, Tat!' 'Tat, Tat, Tat, Tat, Tat!' ...and everybody in the bar would duck, except for the two stuttering ducks sitting next to the two tits, who'd just go, 'Quack, Quack, Quack, Quack!' 'Quack, Quack, Quack, Quack!' Then two six trigger happy Texans would whip out their six shooters, openin' fire and shootin' the two tit mice and two ducks deader than a doornail.  The moral of this tale told by a fa, fa, fa, fool, is  a pair of tits aren't safe in any bar. And whaT about the ducks, you ask? Well, I reckon... they were just sittin' ducks.	philosophy
Longing for love makes a woman beautiful and beloved.	philosophy
Be a great writer when you write your life's song.	philosophy
Blip......Blip......Blip......Blip......Blip......Blip...... [10w] [10w][10w] [10w] [10w] [10w] [10w] [10w]  Death is just a blip on the radar of life. [10w]  Evolution is just a blip on the geologic time's radar. [10w]  WWIIis just a blip on the radar of history. [10w]  9/11's just a blip on the radar of conspiracy theories. [10w]  Giving birth is just a blip on the love's radar. [10w]  Man's entire existence is just ablipon God's radar. [10w]  BlipBlipBlipBlipBlip­ BlipBlipBlipBlipBlip [10w]	philosophy
Origami Master  If you're the greatest origami master in the world maybe I can find you a job folding napkins at a restaurant. I'm not making any promises.	philosophy
The Poet's Job [10w] + {Couplet}  Trigger memory, explode an emotion; the poet must create commotion.    ...................................................­.....................	philosophy
Sketchy black van? Weird stalking of my house? What are you going to do next, offer me some candy?	sarcasm
The difficulties and challenges in your life are the lessons you need to learn to grow and development.	philosophy
"Irish-Gaelic Wife-Fooking Proverb  The truth can't be concealed I fooked your Caitlin from behind, because you can never plow a field  by just turning it over in your mind. By the way, Caitlin's last words,  before sucking me cock, were ""Me husband's balls smells  like ballyblue cheese, ahhhhhh,  Éirinn go Brách!"	philosophy
Forgive everyone. Forgive every misery and misfortune with love.	philosophy
Am I a prisoner of my thoughts? Am I a prisoner of my societal conformity? Who am I? How conscious am I? Am I conscious or obnoxious?	philosophy
If I dream under a moonlit night, should it vanish with the brightness of the morning sun?	philosophy
He who knows how to use the power of love is the most powerful.	philosophy
And I know I'm sarcastic and defensive and I make a joke out of everything and am highly resistant to anything that reeks of sentimental corniness, but I'm giving you my heart anyway because being with you feels like home, and I know you won't break it.	sarcasm
But the people only talked about how ugly her face looked. No one even bothered to mention what a sweet, kindhearted girl she was. Now, don’t be amazed! That is just the nature of humans, to notice the one flaw among a person’s ten good qualities.	sarcasm
Life can be compared to fishing, you can get anything you want, as long as you use the right bait.	philosophy
Ambition built n the pain of others has no nobility or substance	philosophy
Kraft Macaroni &amp; Cheese: It's the cheesiest...  ...advertising slogan ever!	philosophy
The Flood that Did Not Subside [10w]  What would today's world be, If Noah's dove flew into obscurity?	philosophy
Forgiveness is the best tonic for heart.	philosophy
We cannot measure time. We can only measure changes of life and the universe.	philosophy
Relationships are so much like the United States - they only really thrive when faced with an external threat.	sarcasm
We must not allow our pride to be the motivation behind our apologetics; rather, philoverity, the love of truth must be the full and complete motivation. For pride corrupts truth.	philosophy
Charity [10w]  Contentment over your life is the best aphrodisiac for charity.	philosophy
Rhode Island State Motto  Hope. Not much here but at least we have Family Guy.	philosophy
Russian, Umerzhurnalistka  Someone who too many questions for his own good. Literally, 'Dead journalist'.	philosophy
A hug is a priceless gift of love and kindness.	philosophy
That was Hunter,' said Quinn as his father's footsteps faded away. 'I figured. Since he said to call him Hunter and everything.	sarcasm
What about you? What do you do?” I needed to ask questions, draw him out. I needed to find out all the information I could. My voice sounded strong and smooth, but my hands were shaking. I put them in my lap so he couldn’t see. “I prey on innocent villagers and terrify their children,” he said with a nasty smile. “And sometimes when I’m feeling really evil, I read books or paint.	sarcasm
Philosophy ... is a science, and as such has no articles of faith; accordingly, in it nothing can be assumed as existing except what is either positively given empirically, or demonstrated through indubitable conclusions.	philosophy
Your state of consciousness defines your state of mind and your state of happiness.	philosophy
Be bold! Be a success and change the world.	philosophy
Every morning the sun rises to fill your life with magnificent colors and joyful nights.	philosophy
Maintaining the Distance between Wealth and Poverty [10w]  The nouveau riche are far more ruthless than the rich.	philosophy
Closed eyes cannot see the light	philosophy
"Is this the girl?” Kieran’s voice was very different: It sounded like waves sliding up the shore. Like warm water under pale light. It was seductive, with an edge of cold. He looked at Emma as if she were a new kind of flower, one he wasn’t sure he liked. “She’s pretty,” he said. “I didn’t think she’d be pretty. You didn’t mention it.” Iarlath shrugged. “You’ve always been partial to blondes,” he said. “Okay, seriously?” Emma snapped her fingers. “I am right here. And I was not aware I was being invited to a game of ‘Who’s the Hottest?'"" I wasn’t aware you were invited at all,” said Kieran. His speech had a casual edge, as if he was used to talking to humans. “Rude,” said Emma."	sarcasm
Past is Past [10w]  Lovers should clearly avoid obsessing about each other's romantic past.	philosophy
Life is a land of opportunity to love, live, and enjoy beauty.	philosophy
We fill our lives with meaning by serving endlessly and by learning to transcend our consciousness to a higher consciousness.	philosophy
I’m not sitting back here with another dude while there are two perfectly doable females in the car.	sarcasm
Your true friends echo your own philosophies back at you.	philosophy
I got an 'A' in Business Marketing in college!- as if that means a goddamn thing in the real world...	sarcasm
Keep Your Day Job Bitch [10w] + {Couplet}  If you've guessed that I'm blessed, augury ain't your strawberry.	philosophy
Life is magical and blissful when we live to love the beauty of life.	philosophy
To respect a mystery is to make way for the answer.	philosophy
"Whether a thought is spoken or not it is a real thing and it has power,"" Tuek said. ""You might find the line between life and death among the Fremen to be too sharp and quick."	philosophy
Like the sun, start each day with a smile.	philosophy
Six Minus Three Degrees of Stupidation [10w]  Three degrees of stupid: stupid stupid squared stupid stupid stupid	philosophy
Don't worry about it; only worry about how people like her breed.	sarcasm
lust  lust  lust settles lust settles into lust settles into marriage lust settles into marriage and lust settles into marriage and parenthood lust settles into marriage and parenthood and lust settles into marriage and parenthood and dies lust settles into marriage and parenthood and dies from lust settles into marriage and parenthood and dies from the lust settles into marriage and parenthood and dies from the ponderousness  ponder ponder lust ponder lust and ponder lust and don't settle	philosophy
In order to achieve a higher consciousness, one must get lost in love.	philosophy
When you do things with love, flowers bloom inside you.	philosophy
We evaluate, measure, and describe this world from our own point of view, but how does a tree see the world?	philosophy
Love is the essence, fragrance, and beauty of life.	philosophy
Sometimes I feel so sick at the state of the world I can't even finish my second apple pie.	sarcasm
Choose to be in love!	philosophy
Love makes the journey we call life worthwhile.	philosophy
Falling in love is very easy, but staying in love is very difficult.	philosophy
Have you noticed we can breathe in here too? Gosh, I wouldn't have picked up on that.	sarcasm
Throughout the Middle Ages, Jews had no part in the culture of Christian countries, and were too severely persecuted to be able to make contributions to civilization, beyond supplying capital for the building of cathedrals and such enterprises. It was only among the Mohammedans, at that period, that Jews were treated humanely, and were able to pursue philosophy and enlightened speculation. Throughout the Middle Ages, the Mohammedans were more civilized and more humane than the Christians. Christians persecuted Jews, especially at times of religious excitement; the Crusades were associated with appalling pogroms. In Mohammedan countries, on the contrary, Jews at most times were not in any way ill treated. Especially in Moorish Spain, they contributed to learning; Maimonides (1135–1204), who was born at Cordova, is regarded by some as the source of much of Spinoza’s philosophy.Mohammedan civilization in its great days was admirable in the arts and in many technical ways, but it showed no capacity for independent speculation in theoretical matters. Its importance, which must not be under-rated, is as a transmitter. Between ancient and modern European civilization, the dark ages intervened. The Mohammedans and the Byzantines, while lacking the intellectual energy required for innovation, preserved the apparatus of civilization—education, books, and learned leisure. Both stimulated the West when it emerged from barbarism—the Mohammedans chiefly in the thirteenth century, the Byzantines chiefly in the fifteenth.	philosophy
And you are going to get her far away from here. Keep her hidden.” She planted her hands on her hips. “And here we were just keeping her holed up in a tiny little house in a completely random mining sector. Why didn’t it ever occur to us to try and keep her hidden?” Kinney’s face was unreadable for a long moment before he asked, “You understand sarcasm?” “Of course I understand sarcasm,” she spat. “It’s not like it’s theoretical physics, is it?” The guard’s jaw worked for a moment, before he shook his head and turned away.	sarcasm
By the way, if you get mad at your Mac laptop and wonder who designed this demonic device, notice the manufacturer's icon on top: an apple with a bite out of it.	sarcasm
The earl shook his head, exhibiting a degree of frosty offense that could only be achieved by an aristocrat whose wishes had just been gainsaid. “I’ve never heard of a man being so eager to confess to the parent of a girl he’s just ruined,” he said sourly.	sarcasm
Let love bloom like a flower with the fragrance of the garden of your heart filled with beauty, joy, and happiness.	philosophy
Ars Poetica: Dovetailing Collage [10w]  Poems should be a dovetailing collage not a linear cohesion.	philosophy
You fail because you fear. Be bold. Be fearless.	philosophy
Don’t fear challenges. They often give us the opportunity to strengthen our courage, faith, and inner strength.	philosophy
A kiss is a flower of love, a sweet song of two hearts, and a memory of eternal desires.	philosophy
Self-Contempt [10w]  Self-contempt is calling yourself collect  and refusing to accept the charges.	philosophy
You are a child of love that has come here to live in love and to give away love.	philosophy
Consciousness resides in the gap between electrons, protons, and neutrons.	philosophy
And here I was thinking you were a bit slow, what with so much asking and not knowing anything.	sarcasm
Most wives fuck their husbands, just to ensure financial support. Marriage is just a form of legalized prostitution, when you really thought about it.	sarcasm
Life is what you think about it.	philosophy
Learning from Experience  Learning from experience means, 'Boy, did I just fuck up!	philosophy
Oh my love, I like to vanish in you like a ripple vanishes in an ocean—slowly, silently, and endlessly.	philosophy
Flowers bloom in the tranquility of love with a beautiful desire for the well-being of the earth.	philosophy
Primer of Love [Lesson 82]  The beginning is the most important part  of the work.  ~ Plato  Lesson 82) Use an aardvark  to return your love to the beginning  An aardvark is that first 'thing' which made you fall in love. That unexpected turn of a phrase, the effusive laughter that sent wine through your nose, their hands, whatever. When your lover pisses you off and your love goes out of kilter, meditate on your aardvark, breathe deeply, let it out and give your lover a big sloppy kiss. Then hit the fucker over the head with an aardvark.	philosophy
We are all unique, but we are also a part of the common body of humanity. With harmony, love, kindness, and compassion we can live together in joy and happiness.	philosophy
Don’t try to smell the flowers without planting them.	philosophy
Here is a man whose life and actions the world has already condemned - yet whose enormous fortune...has already brought him acquittal!	sarcasm
If you know the brightness of your heart, you will never fear darkness.	philosophy
Rat Trap Haiku  'Hmm, 12 by 13, 4 by 9. Oy! You call this rat trap an apartment?	philosophy
The life of every man is a way to himself, an attempt at a way, the suggestion of a path. No man has ever been utterly himself, yet every man strives to be so, the dull, the intelligent, each one as best he can. Each man to the end of his days carries round with him vestiges of his birth - the slime and egg-shells of the primeval world. There are many who never become humans; they remain frogs, lizards, ants. Many men are human being above and fish below. Yet each one represents an attempt on the part of nature to create a human being.	philosophy
When you desire to help, you will find a way to do it.	philosophy
A flower is a gift of love from the universe given to you. So cherish it, enjoy it with a full blissful heart.	philosophy
Everything takes time. Bees have to move very fast to stay still.	philosophy
If you wish, I shall go personally to your City and knock together the heads of Perlith and Galooney.	sarcasm
Be bold. Don’t wait. Go ahead.	philosophy
Whatever fills your heart with joy and fills your mind with love--that is your truth of love.	philosophy
Failure results from lack of focus and half trust. Success results from complete devotion and utmost trust.	philosophy
When you love yourself, then you are at peace. Wants or needs cannot destroy it	philosophy
The over-weight and out of shape guy who owned the house had apparently decided that having a half-million dollar house meant that he couldn’t afford to hire someone to clean out his gutters. Now he was dead with what looked to me like a broken neck after the ladder had slipped. He’d taken the plunge into his fancy landscaping—complete with rock garden. But hey, his fucking gutters were clean.	sarcasm
We are the local embodiment of a Cosmos grown to self-awareness. We have begun to contemplate our origins: starstuff pondering the stars; organized assemblages of ten billion billion billion atoms considering the evolution of atoms; tracing the long journey by which, here at least, consciousness arose.	philosophy
The love and hope that we are born with is what keeps us relentlessly moving toward joy. We get the most happiness from the simplicity of being devoid of wants and needs.	philosophy
I cannot compromise my respect for your love. You can keep your love, I will keep my respect.	philosophy
She is like a flower. Her smile illuminates the whole world.	philosophy
I’m sure I have no idea what you are talking about PRINCESS.” He tilted his head and half curtseyed when he said the last word.  “That! That is what I am talking about. Since we ran into the others you have been cold and more arrogant than usual.” She kept her voice low so the others would not hear. “Is that so? I would say I was averagely arrogant	sarcasm
"Kaitlyn froze and then said in a low tone, ""That'd better be your gun.""  ""Why yes, I always pack my gun where it'll blow my balls off.""[Landon]"	sarcasm
I try to smile at her, but I can't extend my flexibility training to my mouth, it just won't move.	sarcasm
To make light of philosophy is to be a true philosopher.	philosophy
Oppressor vs. Oppressed [10w]  Love somtimes disintegrates into becoming the oppressor or the oppressed.	philosophy
You are a whole lot better today than yesterday.	philosophy
You're about as delicate as an AK-47.	sarcasm
Who, Me?  We marry nearly the same person over and over again, hoping next time they'll get it right.	philosophy
Learning how to transcend consciousness to a higher consciousness is a blissful journey and the ultimate essence of life.	philosophy
"He paused at the bedroom door, shut his eyes, took a deep breath, and walked right out like it was any other morning, and he and Jack would be having breakfast as if they hadn't had sex the night before. ""Morning,"" he said, casting a quick glance over his shoulder. ""Mmm,"" D grunted. ""You done in the bathroom?"" D blinked. <em>No, I jus' took a little breather in the middle a my mornin' beauty ritual ta come out here 'n' chat with ya. A course I'm done.</em>"	sarcasm
Always expect that something beautiful and wonderful will happen to fill life with beauty.	philosophy
Life is not about success; life is about a journey toward happiness.	philosophy
Let's get physical, physical [10w]  All physical contact is meaningful, even if meaningful means sleazy.	philosophy
Hello! Look at me! I am your reflection.	philosophy
Could you attempt, at least, to make yourself presentable? I know this is a war, but the rest of us are trying to pretend it's a party.	sarcasm
Ruth  Whither thou goest, I will go ~ as long as it's to the mall. I heard Dillard's is having an 80% off sale!	philosophy
We often concentrate on the negative side of humanity. However, humanity is growing and maturing everyday and showing signs of a better future.	philosophy
Your past karma is what you found difficult or challenging in this life. To heal your past karma you would need to learn your life lessons for this life.	philosophy
ESL  New immigrants who've taken ESL  (English as a Second Language), will always misunderstand sarcasm ~ but those fuckers sure as shit  enjoy the prices at Walmart.	philosophy
For success, choice is more important than action.	philosophy
Stercus Accidit.   [barren happens]	sarcasm
I will try it until i get it right. I will try it until i am no longer trying but doing it.	philosophy
Imitation [10w]  Art imitates life. Life imitates art. I just imitate imitation.	philosophy
"Err [10w]  My dear, ""To err is human — to forgive,  to redefine."	philosophy
"Where is your false, your treacherous, and cursed wife?""  ""She's gone forrard to the Police Office,"" returns Mr Bucket. ""You'll see her there, my dear.""  ""I would like to kiss her!"" exclaims Mademoiselle Hortense, panting tigress-like. ""You'd bite her, I suspect,"" says Mr Bucket.  ""I would!"" making her eyes very large. ""I would love to tear her, limb from limb.""  ""Bless you, darling,"" says Mr Bucket, with the greatest composure; ""I'm fully prepared to hear that. Your sex have such a surprising animosity against one another, when you do differ."	sarcasm
Enmity  Enmity is the soul of shit.	philosophy
Fate [10w]  The eternal point where our dreams intersect is called fate.	philosophy
You can never go further than your own thoughts.	philosophy
I am a farmer of kindness and compassion; I plant the seeds of love in my garden.	philosophy
Sometimes you wish the world would be a better place and sometimes you wish the world was a better place. Only the great understanding of the difference of the time between the past and present moment will make it a better place.	philosophy
3 Surefire Ways to Win a Man  You sucking my cock made our relationship interesting. You taking it up your ass made it meaningful. You cooking me dinner made it lasting.	philosophy
A Loaf of Challah Haiku  A loaf of challah, a bottle of Rashi wine... For everything else there's Simply Manischewitz.	philosophy
Poetry and Ostrich Feathers  A poet should leave his poem  covered with a faint film of fairy dust, inviting the reader to bring his faint heart and an ostrich feather duster to the reading.	philosophy
[B]ehind all political parties are only two camps: those who care and those who don't care. If all those in the camp that cares could rid themselves of party cliches and realize that they have the same goals, the possibility of change would seem to be considerably greater; especially so since most citizens have become less and less interested in party loyalty and party slogans. People today are yearning for human beings who have wisdom and convictions and the courage to act according to their convictions.	philosophy
When you are able to understand the language of silence, you will be able to see the beauty of the invisible.	philosophy
Wonderment shared is doubled. Love shared is infinite.	philosophy
In the way this strange gentleman was going on, he would leave the world without having done any good to himself or anybody else.	philosophy
When Rose takes to screaming, she starts loud, continues loud, and ends loud. Rose has a very good ear and always screams on the same note. I'd tested her before I burnt the library, and our piano along with it. Rose screams on the note B flat. We don't need a piano anymore now that we have a human tuning fork.	sarcasm
Your cell phone is on the nightstand. Call me immediately if something changes. I don’t care if you are merely dizzy or if you start seeing pink dragons, do you understand?”   I solemnly swear I will call you the second a pink dragon shows up.	sarcasm
The Freedom Paradox [10w]  The act of protecting freedom is a violation of freedom.	philosophy
